
File: Wendigoon D&D/HFY Power Armor\Ch 1 - 10\1.md

[[2|Next]]
There was a lot of fanfare that surrounded the first human to have made it to the Academy. Though it wasn’t because they were particularly well liked, or studious. Nor was it because they were in some way infamous or unsavory. In fact, they simply hadn’t had enough time to make an impact either way, as they’d emerged through the portal dead on arrival.

It was a known fact that humans were just inherently magically-deficient. Their race was the last of the adjacent realms to have even detected the _existence_ of magic after all, let alone learning of the Nexus’ existence. What wasn’t expected however was just how truly deficient they actually _were_, as the death of the first human student was directly attributed to their inability to not only control, but to _resist_ the effects of latent mana. A feat that was supposed to be inherent in _all_ living things, as the soul naturally projected a mana-field which prevented the flow of latent mana from entering or passing through it. Yet members of the faculty and staff present at the tragedy could attest to this universal truth being missing in the humans, or at least the human student, as his soul projected _nothing_, causing what should have been harmless mana to simply seep through him like a filter. Destroying the physical body, and mortally wounding the intangible spirit in the process.

Now, decades after traumatizing an entire class of students, some of whom have now become faculty and staff themselves, the humans seem confident enough to follow through with a second try.

So, as morning gave way to noon, and noon to dusk, the crowd of freshmen intakes from across the realms were carefully sorted and filed out of the foyer, leaving the most problematic for last.

Yet news had already spread about the human due for arrival. Whether it was a passing comment made by a faculty member, or a coincidental rumor run amuck, the damage was already done. Now, almost every student from freshman to senior, began making their way back to the academy’s main concourse for a chance to peek and gawk at the human’s arrival in morbid curiosity. Yet most that attempted this trek would only find themselves trapped in a maze of hallways that weren’t supposed to exist. Indeed, many would somehow find themselves inadvertently redirected back to the seminarium, or worse, straight to the Dean’s office for disobeying the one unspoken rule of the day: no entry back into the Foyer after dusk.

Whilst a simple lock would have sufficed, the faculty refused to take any chances with the human arrival _this_ time around. A repeat of the First Human Arrival would _not_ happen again. Especially when a few of the faculty present were there for that gruesome arrival all those years ago. So even as mana stores were drained for the purposes of this elaborate barrier, it would all be worth it. This year’s roster of freshmen students were a particularly noteworthy collection of nobility and even royalty. A velvet glove approach was necessary to maintain some level of decorum even as the rumors continue to circulate.

Nobles naturally _detested_ being told what they could or could not do after all.

Yet despite their best efforts, a few of the more magically gifted _did_ manage to find a way through. Making their way across hidden passageways and corridors, nominally hidden by a lesser cloaking spell, these gifted students eventually ended up in a small servant’s hideaway usually reserved for the lesser elves. Those few that managed to evade the faculty’s barriers were extraordinarily blessed by the Great Mother. Their magical potential overpowering or outright shorting out the otherwise strained and preoccupied barrier spells erected by the scant few professors and staff assigned to the task of overseeing the reception of this prospective human student.

=====

**The Lesser Elf Hideaway**

What was euphemistically referred to as a _hideaway_ was nothing more than a hole in the wall the size of a large broom closet, yet lacking in even the _height_ department in that regard. It was a far departure from the glitz, glamor, and comforts that the three freshmen were more than likely accustomed to, but that didn’t detract from the one perk that drew them here in the first place, a rather worrying rumor that they’d inadvertently proven right…

These rooms _did_ have a disturbingly good vantage point of the large, open public spaces within the castle grounds.

Yet as much as there was to discuss this strange myth being proven true, all of it took a backseat as the much more pressing concern of the human arrival took center stage.

The three gifted freshmen, a Lupinor mercenary prince, a Vunerian court noble, and an Avinor Princess, struggled to find common ground despite having been immediately shunned by the rest of their gifted compatriots for reasons far beyond their personal control. Whilst misery did love company, it would seem as if there were too many differences to reconcile, at least within the span of the few short hours following arrival and orientation.

“Ilunor, for the Great Mother’s sake, if you don’t find yourself another spot, I _will_ **bite** you.” The tall, fully grown Lupinor spoke. His row of razor sharp-teeth barely hidden underneath his lupine-like snout. The growling and snarling certainly did not help his species’ less than stellar reputation as brutes and savages. Even his title, the Mercenary Prince, hinted at their peoples’ troubled past. A past that not many were willing to overlook, as evidenced by their inability to shake their mercenary monikers.

“Bite me, and I’ll have your flea-ridden hide suspended, expelled, and excommunicated from the Academy _and_ the Nexus.” The smaller, diminutive Vunerien snapped back, which seemed almost comical given his stature and his kind’s general disposition that much more resembled their second-rate Kobold cousins. Yet the Venurien were anything _but_ second-rate. Through displays of wealth and extravagance they made certain that all who came into contact with them understood the clearly defined line between them, and the Kobolds they so very much still resembled.

The school uniform certainly did nothing but detract from whatever distinct features Ilunor had however, as by most metrics he could easily pass as a simple Kobold playing dress up in academy regalia.

“Guys… I think we should keep it down, you’re making too much of a fuss and if the professors notice us-”

“Shut it, Thacea. If we wanted a tainted’s opinion then we would’ve asked for it.” The Vunerien practically spat back, shooting down the Avinor’s concerns as she slunk back into the background once more, something that she was more than accustomed to back in the Royal Court.

The Avinor were a particularly well regarded race that had little in the way of conflict with any other species from across the realms. Compared to the rest of the gaggle of freshmen here, nothing about her particularly stood out, especially under the cloaks and uniforms assigned by the Academy. Nothing, except for the two, sharp, predatory eyes that stared unblinkingly out from their small cubby hole into the foyer below. Indeed, underneath the constrictive shirts, pants, and cloaks, lay a plumage that served as inspiration for many a mural and fresco within the academy’s great halls. The Avinor were nothing if not stunning when in their element… an element that was certainly lacking when she found herself struggling to fit inside the cramped, and unkempt servant’s quarters.

Yet as much as her plumage would undeniably tie her back to her royal heritage, and as much as the cloaks covered even that, nothing could hide the _taint_ that lingered over her. A miasmic aura that colored her mana-field with a dark, almost ominous glow. One that contrasted with both the Lupinor and the Vunerien’s bright, almost iridescent mana-fields.

The three struggled to find footing as they stared out from what seemed to be a particularly well designed peephole, that granted them an uninterrupted view of the foyer below, and the group of black, red, and blue-cloaked professors who were busy with the incantations necessary to maintain the uncharacteristically weak and fragile portal.

=====

**The Foyer**

Adorned more like a palace than a center of learning, the Foyer was where students from across the adjacent realms would find themselves transported to at the start of each academic year. Its marble and quartz floors could be traced back to the first Kings and Queens of the Nexus, its gilded chandeliers were likewise gifts from Kingdoms and Empires long since forgotten to time. Indeed, within these four walls lie a great volume of artifacts that no adjacent realm could hope to match.

Yet despite all of this grandeur and assurances to the Academy’s infallibility, the trio of professors worked tirelessly to ensure that this air of perfection would not be broken.

“Surely we do not need to perform a _fifth_ blessing upon this _entire_ room, Professor Vanavan.” The red-cloaked professor spoke incredulously, whilst busying herself with what seemed to be an entire crate full of glowing, sparkling vials of pure mana extract.

“Of course we do. The humans are like a sickly newborn, they require the extra help, _all_ the extra help they can get.” The blue-robed professor spoke, his elvish accent coming through particularly harshly especially under the stressful circumstances. “We know how magically challenged they are, and we know how magic can pierce their non-existent manafields, straight into their unprotected souls. We all saw what happened to the first student we lost… We cannot allow chance to dominate what could very well be the next realm to join the Nexus. The Earthrealm is nothing but untapped potential, so should they become the next in our line of adjacent realms-”

“With all due respects, Professor, if humans are that sickly, perhaps we should let nature take its course? I mean, look around, the only witnesses would be us, and we could very much easily claim a no-show on the human’s end.” Announced the only black-robed professor present, and rather concerningly, one of the few who spoke with the authority of the Privy Council. Black-robes rotated on a year-by-year basis, being appointed not by the Dean or the Faculty but by the Royal Privy Council itself. Their positions only existed because of a lingering clause that came with the messily written treaty that ended the centuries-long conflict between the beings native to the Nexus Realm, and those of the Adjacent Realms.

“Well if they _do_ make it, Professor Mal’tory, then I’d hazard to say that you might actually have something _productive_ to report to the Privy Council, instead of the usual student roster reports and the occasional suspension.” Vanavan snapped back, a harshness to his voice was evident as the two began a fierce staredown that lasted for a scant few seconds, before, finally, the air around them started to cool.

“They’re coming.” The red-robed professor spoke warily, as she began removing seal after seal that kept her various raw mana stores from simply sublimating.

Almost as soon as each seal was uncorked from the unmarked, unlabeled vials, so too would the mana be violently drawn out, all concentrated around the incantation circle that continued to drain localized mana from the whole foyer at an alarming rate.

Indeed, it wouldn’t be too much of a stretch to even say that the professors felt mana being tugged from their very mana-fields, if it wasn’t for their advanced magics keeping such disturbances at bay.

The mana drain was so incredibly strong that the magically-lit lanterns adorning the colonnades began to dim, before going out entirely, leaving the entirety of the room in pitch-black darkness.

Silence now reigned as the trio of professors concentrated their energies into forming the portal into a more cohesive shape, trying desperately to fight back against the exhaustion that threatened to overwhelm them.

All of this happened in complete and abject silence until suddenly-

_**SNAP**_

In a violent, almost unexpected display of brute force the portal opened _just_ wide enough to allow not only for a single figure to materialize through, but for a glimpse of the world the creature had just arrived from to be visible to all within its immediate vicinity.

It was a world of cold, bland, oppressive grays and blacks. A world full of metal railings and metal walls, of strange metal contraptions, golems, and electrical energy shooting back and forth across entire spaces in a dizzying array of overactivity. It was… a decidedly alien world, one that the professors were glad to have only glimpsed at briefly, as the trio all struggled to stand after that entire experience.

All were so overwhelmed by this experience that they overlooked the monster that had just landed on their doorstep. What could only be described as a hulking behemoth that matched the blue-robed Elf’s height of just under 7 feet. The beast was clad in armor thicker than most ceremonial knights’, with equally thick padding underneath. A helmet of incredible craftsmanship sat atop of all of this, with a single, flexible tube connecting its side with a large, metal backpack that looked as unwieldy as it was cumbersome. Two, blue-tinted opaque lenses now stared back at the professors, as the beast raised a single hand, and slowly began to wave.

“Hi. I’m Emma. The new student from Earth?”

File: Wendigoon D&D/HFY Power Armor\Ch 1 - 10\10.md

[[9|Previous]] [[11|Next]]
I was tired, so very tired. I wasn’t ready for this. I just wasn’t in the mood for more of the academy’s antics. Yet here I was, facing down the third miniboss of the night.

What followed was an intense staredown that I just wasn’t up for, especially at this hour. I realized however that it was very much a one-sided affair as my opaque, and frankly intimidating lenses, were carrying most of the weight in this impromptu standoff. I could see that the elf in question looked as tired as I was. Indeed despite her well kept attire, and the sternness that she conveyed in her voice, she exuded as much of an air of exhaustion as she did a domineering stance

Yet the fires of authority she carried had all but been doused by my height advantage. With a good two feet head start in the height department, the whole scene would’ve been rather one sided, if it wasn’t for the hulking mass of muscle that was the gargoyle standing behind her.

So after a good ten seconds of looking her up and down, I nodded. “Thanks.” I managed out, restraining myself from gesticulating too much so as to keep my intimidation factor in the game. “I appreciate you bringing it all the way up here. Must have been quite a journey hauling a cart like that up a maze of staircases am I right?” I attempted to defuse the situation with the age-old, tried and true method outlined several times in the SIOP manual: small talk.

The elf however, wasn’t having any of it as she remained completely silent, refusing to even acknowledge my question. Even the gargoyle refused to answer as he simply stared blankly into the room, his steely gaze was ever so slightly _off_, which when combined with his unflinching stature was more than enough to raise a few red flags.

I decided to expedite the conversation, now realizing that there was no point in prolonging this unnecessary standoff. “So… I’m assuming all my stuff arrived in one piece?”

_This_ line of questioning was enough to prompt an answer. Although it was one that was far from what I had expected. “I am afraid it would be disingenuous of me to answer that question, Emma of Earthrealm.” The elf spoke cryptically, with a tired air of authority now imbued with an unwarranted addition of dismissiveness and superiority. Something that I was quickly discovering to be a trend amongst the elves and their various subspecies. With the exception of the blue-robed Vanavan, every elf I’ve met thus far seemed to always find themselves slipping into this very specific brand of cavalier arrogance.

Again, I just wasn’t in the mood to be playing games, not with an elf of all people. “Disingenuous, how?” I snapped back, making sure that my terseness came through loud and clear through my vocoders.

“I wouldn’t know if all of your luggage arrived successfully, Emma of Earthrealm. It is the responsibility of your own people to ensure that is the case. However, given the primitive nature of your transrealm portal methodologies, there is a high likelihood a few of your belongings may be missing somewhere in the ether between our realm and your own. It is to be expected of course, no realm does it well on their first try.” The arrogance began to ooze from this female elf, an arrogance that bordered on outright disrespect as it was clear what she was hinting at, or at least alluding to. Sure, on the surface it was just an off handed rude jab at our portal tech, but on the other hand, it was so clearly coded in such a way that it was referring to our _first_ portal. The same one that led to the untimely death of the first human candidate.

This disrespect made my blood simmer, but I held it together all the same. It was fortunate that I’d released some of my rage on Ilunor just moments prior, because otherwise this elf would’ve found herself blown through the thick stone and brick mortar behind her. “This is why it would be disingenuous of me to speak on behalf of your realm’s own shortcomings. I simply wish to be as candid and earnest as I can in any discussions with our _esteemed_ first-year peers.” The elf continued, which only prompted me to shrug dismissively in response.

“You know, you’d make for a great customer service agent for Trans-United Spacelines. I’m just waiting on when you’re going to push the extra baggage and handling insurance that inevitably comes after this spiel.” I jabbed back, causing the elf to raise a single brow in confusion as I sighed. “Fine, alright, let’s just get this over with.” I moved forward towards the bell cart, only to be stopped by the gargoyle who held a single arm between me and my supply crates.

“It would be rude of me to not have my _assistant_ carry your luggage for you.” The elf interjected, a small smile curling up at the sides of her tired face.

_So this was_ _**also**_ _a power play thing_. I thought to myself. _Alright, let’s fucking go._

I continued moving forward, ignoring the elf’s insistence as I pushed the gargoyle’s arm out of the way without much effort. It was only when I had wrapped both arms around one of the large crates did the gargoyle move back in, using one of his oversized hands to wrap around my wrist without warning.

“I _insist_.” The elf spoke again in that indignant tone of voice.

**Warning: Maximum pain threshold on [RIGHT HAND] exceeded, auto-disconnect of haptic feedback engaged.**

_You’re actually willing to_ _**hurt**_ _your students to satisfy your power fantasies? Fucking really?_

It was with this sudden transgression that I turned to face the elf with my helmet’s expressionless gaze. I made sure my point was known as I allowed the gargoyle to continue pinching down on my wrist. As the seconds ticked on, I refused to acknowledge the pain or even the discomfort that would have been felt if it wasn’t for my suit. This clearly began to bother the elf. Her once gleeful eyes of satisfaction evolved into concern, then into revulsion and abject confusion as I remained there, completely ignoring any and all afflictions that would’ve at this point caused any other student to be writhing and rolling around in pain.

“Are we done here?” I snapped back, ripping my hand from the gargoyle’s grip without any effort.

This demonstrated one of two things.

One: that I not only ignored the pain, but that I had the strength to make this musclebound bodyguard’s efforts at physically restraining me completely moot.

Two: that I wasn’t about to bend the knee or submit to whatever games this fucked up elf was playing at.

With a single flourish I lifted the cargo container up and into my arms; what amounted to a few metric _tons_ of equipment that the elf _knew_ was impossible for most creatures to handle. It was probably the only reason she brought the gargoyle here after all.

I made it a point to keep the crate held between my arms without even once flinching, holding completely still for an egregiously long time, all the while staring down at her as I cocked my head slightly. “I ask again, _ma’am_, are we _done_ here?” I reiterated, causing the elf to do something she probably wasn’t used to.

“Lortal, leave the rest of the Earthrealmer’s belongings here and take the cart back, it’s getting late.”

She admitted defeat. Not directly to my face, but still, it was defeat all the same as the gargoyle slowly but surely placed all the crates down on the stone tiled floor in front of the dorm and booked it out of there.

**ALERT: LOCALIZED SURGE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED, 200% ABOVE BACKGROUND RADIATION LEVELS**

The pair vanished without a trace, probably using the same teleportation spell Mal’tory used in the Grand Hall.

I grinned in satisfaction underneath my helmet, taking a moment to savor yet another small victory before I turned around to face my peers who had been watching the whole scene unfold with bated breath this entire time.

Their expressions were mixed. Thalmin certainly cheered me on with a look of approval, which was confirmed with a single head nod. Thacea on the other hand seemed mildly concerned, probably due to whatever social faux pas I’d just committed. Then again I couldn’t bring myself to be bothered about one simple faux pas amidst an entire night of drama. Finally, Ilunor once more looked at me with those terrified slitted reptilian eyes. Perhaps seeing the container held so casually in my arms was even more proof of my perceived strength. Or perhaps it made his whole _theory_ of me being nothing but a _golem_ even more credible in his eyes.

Regardless of what it was, the whole room slowly resumed where we left off before the interruption, with everyone shuffling their possessions into their bedrooms. With both of my arms preoccupied by the oversized crate, I was just about ready to make use of the suit’s retractable mechanical arm, if it wasn’t for Thacea’s swift assistance in holding the door to our bedroom open. I nodded and thanked her, moving in and dreading the unpacking that awaited me.

I should’ve known however that worrying about _space management_ in a place like this was like worrying about flight path restrictions in unincorporated space.

The single door didn’t give way to a bedroom, but instead another corridor. A corridor that while shorter than the one leading to the living room, gave way to a space I didn’t _dare_ call a _bedroom_.

Down the 10 or so feet of corridor was an oversized luxury _loft_ _**within**_ what was already an oversized penthouse.

To say that the room was grand was yet again another understatement. Whilst the Academy certainly wasn’t the idealized magical school I’d made it out to be, this room _definitely_ resonated _more_ with that fantasy. It almost made me think that perhaps the Academy of old was in some way better than the one I was stuck with.

Because the room that I had just entered was literally the size of the entire living room, _and then some_. It was an apartment within an apartment. With that small corridor opening up to an expansive space that more resembled the open-plan lofts I’d seen featured in the popular home and life magazines my mom had been obsessed with. To give a more period-accurate example, I’d say that it resembled those weird open-plan two-story libraries that always found their way into fantasy epics and films, complete with the wrap-around second floor balcony that overlooked the first floor.

The _first floor_ in this case was most certainly designated for everything else _aside_ from sleep. With a space hosting several desks fitted with inkwells and quills, along with couches and a small coffee table, it seemed to comfortably serve as a combined living and study area. The space was certainly more than large enough to fit the furniture that already existed within it, which made it _perfect_ for my space-sensitive needs. In fact, this was probably beyond the best case scenario for the square footage I needed to set up my tent and its various supporting systems.

The _second floor_ was dominated by a space recessed into the wall that had two queen-sized beds positioned side by side, complete with bed posts and a canopy with curtains to boot. Flanking the two beds on either side of the walls were what I assumed to be doors leading further to a wardrobe or a full blown walk-in-closet. It was probably the latter, but I was too preoccupied with moving my cargo inside to really bother checking.

Within the span of a few minutes, I’d successfully transported each container into a relatively empty corner of the room. Each container was slightly different in size and shape, and in a way reminded me of the ancient game of Tetris as I stacked one on top of the other. It honestly felt quite therapeutic. After all that I’d experienced, I felt at least a _small_ semblance of control returning to me as I organized everything into a neat, stackable pile.

I was just about to begin scanning and checking off each container from the manifest list I’d been given during my mission briefing, before my attention was immediately taken by a more pressing issue.

My side-view cameras detected a concerning scene, as I saw the princess struggling with some of the larger pieces of luggage she had. The poor avian was tugging, pulling, and practically throwing her back out with each and every step. This made me spring into action without hesitation as I leaped over, grabbing the oversized piece of luggage that would’ve honestly been quite at home in the vintage collection of one of those designer bag brands back on Earth.

“Here, let me, princess.” I spoke insistently, with both of my hands reaching for either end of her luggage. With a bit of reluctance she finally agreed, giving me that courtly headnod that only a royal could give.

“Thank you, Emma.” She replied, which prompted me to give my own, less graceful nod.

“Hey, you’re the princess and I’m the knight, remember?” I teased, harkening back to our first interaction a few hours back. “You did me a solid, saving me twice already. It's only fair that it’s time for your knight to do some of the saving.” I snickered, as I felt more and more of myself finally winding down with Ilunor promptly out of the question, and with the world condensing ever further into the privacy of these four walls.

This was something I was more than grateful for after a rapid-fire gauntlet of existential panic after existential panic.

I continued moving back and forth between the living room and my new bedroom, picking up the rest of Thacea’s luggage with ease. With a single piece of luggage under each arm, and a suitcase in either hand, I turned to face the avian without much fanfare to ask. “So, where do you want them, princess?”

“The suitcases can be placed next to the dressing room, the luggage containing the royal seal should be placed at the foot of my bed, of which I will take the left, and the other piece of luggage can be placed near the lounge chair-” Thacea stopped in her tracks as her avian eyes blinked rapidly. It was clear something was developing rapidly through her head, as she visibly winced in front of me and placed a single feathered arm against her chest, and another by her side, bowing ever so slightly. “My sincerest apologies Emma, I answered in a manner that was incredibly unbecoming and disrespectful of your rank and station. Please forgive me.” Before I could answer however, the princess stood back up with that immaculate posture of hers, and continued. “I… am not used to these kinds of questions and offers being asked by someone of equal or comparable rank, birthright, or station, not especially one of my peers. This is a question that is generally reserved for those that serve, and royal etiquette and manners overtook me, as I responded far too eagerly. Again, I do apologize, Emma. It has been quite an eventful night and it is clear that the stresses are starting to take their toll on my social etiquette. It is unbecoming of me, and disrespectful of you, and it should not have even happened and so-”

“Hey, you cut that out alright?” I interjected, still holding onto the avian’s luggage without breaking a sweat.

“E-excuse me?”

“Yeah, you heard me right, you cut that out right now, princess.” I reiterated, with a tone that was caught between caring, concerned, and empathetic, with a hint of exasperation.

“I don’t follow-”

“I get it, apologies accepted. You and I aren’t from the same cultural background, and it shows.” I started. However, whereas this would’ve led into a verbal assault if it were Ilunor, the conversation instead veered into a far more constructive and wholesome territory when it came to the princess. “You’re trying, and that’s what counts. Listen, I offered to help alright? So you can boss me around all you like. I appreciate that you backtracked on the whole talking-down-to-me aspect of things, and I appreciate that you see me as an equal, but…” _Fuck this is way more complicated than I thought_. “... but I’d appreciate it if you'd extend that same olive branch to those that you might not normally perceive _as_ your equals.” I spoke with a genuine sense of optimism before I finished off my whole speech by moving up to pat the avian on the shoulder. “And honestly, don’t sweat it. We’ve both been through the wringer tonight, and you especially had to go through that public dressing down which for the record _wasn’t_ okay. I want you to know that, at least within the walls of this room, there will be none of that crap. Here, we’re _true_ equals. No taint stuff, no public stigma for those baseless accusations, no nothing.” I gripped the avian’s shoulder just a little bit harder, every word uttered through my vocoders emanating a real warmth to it that lacked any social filters as I gave the princess my most complete and sincerest thoughts.

The princess didn’t seem to respond at all as she stood there, utterly dumbfounded and shocked. Her eyes widened and her pupils dilated the same way an owl would in the middle of the night, where they would look like they were completely flabbergasted or indignant about something. I released my hand, and took a few steps back before finally the princess snapped out of her haze, and smiled. This time, it was genuine. There was something about it that just wasn’t like the polite, or courteous, or formal smiles that she’d put on before. There was something _raw_ about this one, and I could tell by the look in her eyes that practically glistened with something resembling a look of epiphany. “Thank you, Emma. Thank you.” Was all she said. Yet despite those few words, I could _hear_ a difference in her tone and cadence. It was slight, but it was there.

With a nod and an imperceptible smile, I began placing the bags as the princess had requested of me, and eventually turned my sights on my own belongings.

I made sure to scan each individual container, starting off with the most vital out of all of them, what was affectionately referred to as the _tent_. Whilst it bore this rather unassuming, and almost comically simple name, the contents within were anything _but_ simple. Within this cuboid container the size of an oversized lounge chair was the key to my long term survival here in the Nexus. Whilst the suit was _technically_ capable of being used long term if need be, with it being _theoretically_ rated for a full year of complete and continuous use… the prospects of that were more than troubling to say the very least. Even during the theory section of SERE training I almost always lost the battle with the contents of my stomach anytime the discussion for what was known as _suit exclusive survival_ came up.

The _tent_ was the solution to that, a little piece of home forcefully carved out of the fabric of the Nexus’ reality. A pocket of safety that defied an otherwise death-filled reality that everyone else here inhabited without a second thought. The entire contents of the container held the bare minimum of what was necessary to facilitate this goal. Namely: the tent itself, the power supply system, and the mana filtration system that would be vital in establishing that pocket of mana-free environment I needed. It honestly surprised me that everything would even _fit_ in a container of this size, what with the generator _and_ filtration system being crammed in there. It wasn’t a surprise then that the fabric of the tent would be so fragile, given how thin and space-efficient it needed to be to be able to even _fit_ in there.

With the most vital container squared away and ticked off my list, I moved on to the rest of the 9 containers on the list in order of their significance to survival and mission integrity. The next container held the highly experimental, yet just as vital Mana-Radiation Extraction and Desaturation Device, or the MREDD for short. Whilst shelter was already dealt with in the form of the tent and my suit, food and water still needed to be accounted for. The MREDD was the solution to the latter two issues. The device would be theoretically capable of removing every last scrap of mana-radiation from any matter placed within its extraction chamber. With its rate of extraction directly proportional to the density and permeability of whatever matter is placed within it. The scientists back at home gave me a whole manual on what foodstuffs were more conducive to the extraction process. Wet, airy foods such as whipped cream, souffles, scrambled eggs, and bread were preferable for instance. Whereas harder, denser foods such as pemmican, hardtack, and nuts were contraindicated as they would take not just more time but much more effort and energy to fully drain and purify.

The container for this device was just about as large as the tent’s. This was because the filtration unit itself was just about as large, if not larger. The justification for this was simple enough: in order to purify matter and not just air, there needed to be a higher rate of active extraction and energy expended. A continuous and intensive filtration process was needed, which was why the actual extraction chamber was just about the size of a large microwave, and the generator and extraction plus filtration unit was just about half a size larger than the tent’s. What’s more, when not in use, the generator for the MREDD would aid in the large suite of devices I had on hand to repair and maintain my suit, as well as to charge its auxiliary batteries.

Indeed, the entire manifest that had been prepared for me consisted primarily of redundancies on top of redundancies, as the third and fourth container would prove. The third was yet another generator, again, the same size as the tent’s at about 5 by 5 feet. This would prove vital in case any one of the generators was faulty or having issues which directly hampered its power generation.

The fourth container was far longer and more rectangular in nature, just about as long as a dining table. Within it was a furniture assembler’s nightmare, but it essentially held the framework for a workshop and workstation that was just small enough to fit in my tent. It was designed to hold up my armor, and allow me to easily perform a decent amount of repairs on any part of my suit. Whilst not a mechanic myself, both my manual and my on board EVI would be capable of making up for the gaps in my skill and knowledge.

Practically entering a zen-like state of therapeutic relaxation from the checking and cross checking of items on my manifest, a sudden realization would soon hit me that shattered what should have been a relaxing end to an otherwise chaotic evening.

The fifth item on my manifest, the container which held the experimental trans-dimensional communication device that I would use to communicate back to Earth with, was missing.

And that immediately put me on the clock to retrieve it, or else it and the cargo inside it blew up in my face… or more accurately, _someone else’s_.

File: Wendigoon D&D/HFY Power Armor\Ch 1 - 10\2.md

[[1|Previous]] [[3|Next]]
**10 Months Prior to Arrival**

**Emma Booker**

There was once a time when I liked fantasy. A time when things were simpler, and the world just seemed like one big adventure waiting to be undertaken. I’d grown up on newsreels of the first interstellar drives to break the Warp V limit and films that documented the first landings on habitable worlds not of our own design. I’d spent hours upon hours on the soft, carpeted floors of my living room, reading and fantasizing about hidden worlds just beyond the snowy forests that flanked our small two-story home. Not a weekend was spent without me and my parents regaling each other with tales of heroes and kingdoms in far off lands. Not a season was spent without a new hyperfixation, a new campaign to be played between schoolwork and chores.

I was living a fantasy, until one chilly autumn morning when it all came crashing down.

One phone call was all it took; a single conversation ripped a line between what I’d call my idyllic youth and the wake up call that was my teens.

In the weeks that followed, I watched as the world around me was torn apart. Relatives and adults I barely knew began barging in and picking apart the warmth and comfort that had been my home. Family photos stored in boxes, shelves emptied and dismantled, the attic where mom and I would go on adventures to kingdoms in faraway lands, cleared out without hesitation. The spaces and places that I had once known slowly transformed into a hollow shell of themselves as the days and weeks went by. Until they finally took me as well, away from the only place I knew, and then only life I’d known.

I never saw my home again. I never even set foot in my hometown after I was relocated to my distant aunt’s apartment in the city. Sometimes I even wondered if my memories of that small town life were all part of the fantastical stories I’d grown up with, because imagining a world so perfect, so untouched by everything, was almost too fantastical in and of itself.

Plaster and wallpapered walls replaced the warm oaks and pines I once took for granted. A skyline soaring hundreds upon hundreds of stories overhead likewise became the norm, as was the finely manicured park that was a twenty minute subway ride away from the apartment I now called home. No longer could I just exit the kitchen to find an expansive open yard surrounded by a dense patch of conifers, and no longer could I spend hours upon hours staring out the little nook in the front porch’s windowsill, gazing as the seasons shifted from one to the other.

The city was a whole different beast, and it was one that I’d grown to love, in a strange sort of way. People here wouldn’t bother you, even if you were in the middle of a crowd of thousands or an apartment complex filled with thousands more. The faces all blended together, everyone was too busy forging their own paths in life, so much so that I found it difficult to form any attachments.

It’s been an entire decade since I left my childhood behind, and I can proudly say that I’ve come to call the concrete jungle my new home.

My case workers told me that many people in my situation would prefer to retreat further into fantasy and fiction, but I did the exact opposite.

The illusion of fiction was just too much to bear after having the rug torn from under me. So I focused on what mattered instead: real life. I was running on auto-pilot, as some of my friends would say. I got good enough grades at school, volunteered in extracurriculars as decorative pieces for my college application, and did what was expected of me.

I needed to move on from what I lost. I wanted to leave that past behind in any way I could.

I found structure and direction in the JROTC and from what few conversations my aunt and I had, it was clear she agreed with me – not surprising given how she was a veteran of the Jovian Uprisings. Yet I wouldn’t have expected that my journey into the military would lead me to a fate that further entangled me with a past I so desperately wished to move beyond. Indeed, I wasn’t expecting what was supposed to be the start to my college life to be a backtrack into fantasy.

=====

**The Institute for Anomalous Studies, Earth. 10 Months Prior to Arrival.**

**Director Laura Weir**

Emma was the perfect candidate. A nineteen year old college freshman with an impeccable academic record, alongside commendations on her JROTC reports. This alone wouldn’t have made her stand out, if it wasn’t for the fact that she had little in the way of familial or social attachments. This latter factor was especially vital, given the sensitive nature of this operation.

An operation that would see the greatest risk ever undertaken by a single human being, second only to the perilous flights of humanity’s first FTL-capable vessels. An operation that would indeed see her flung into a great, perilous unknown, disconnected and completely cut off from the rest of civilization, just like those brave pioneers centuries ago.

Whilst the first human flights into the great unknown were preceded and accompanied by much fanfare, this great leap however, would not.

For it presents a risk far greater than any FTL experiment ever could, carrying with it the weight of an existential threat we’ve been tasked with studying and neutralizing.

For centuries now, we’d been observing, tracking, analyzing, and studying what is undeniable evidence of a world parallel to our own. A world that lurks just underneath the surface, that served as a source of myths and legends for our ancestors, and that continues to serve as a limitless pool of inspiration to those _gifted_ enough to peer across the veil, inadvertently acting as a source of inspiration for countless works of fantasy and fiction

Indeed, this world would’ve been left at that, fiction, if it wasn’t for us.

Shunned and practically excommunicated by the scientific community, our outlandish claims were pushed aside as the march of progress continued ever onwards. Even so, as evidence began to stack, and as proof continued to mount, we eventually garnered the attention of the United Nations Science Advisory, who eventually saw fit to incorporate us into what is now the IAS.

What we discovered was irrefutable evidence of what could only be described as a world of magic and sorcery, a fantasy world by every metric, and one that had the potential to upend our own. It was because of this existential threat that every resource was eventually poured into peering deeper into this world and its non-analogous scientific principles.

Yet the more we tried peering in, the less information we got back. It was a battle of diminishing returns that lasted for centuries before we finally made a breakthrough. Our equivalent of discovering the Rosetta Stone.

We discovered a means of communicating with the powers on the other side of the fence, and indeed, we later discovered this was _intentional_. The journey we’d been on for the past few centuries, the discovery of this _puzzle,_ as they called it, was all a _test_. It was a test to determine the “magical potential” for those “gifted” from other worlds. Indeed, it was a test that was considered commonplace and _had_ been in place for what was described to us as _“eons”_ now.

We were just late to the party.

Mumbles were heard on the other side discussing how we technically _weren’t_ _**ever**_ expected to pass this test, given how magically _deficient_ our species naturally were. It was later revealed to us that every other civilization in our own galaxy had long since passed, and that we were effectively the last to follow suit.

As a result, we would be the last to enter this realm of magic and sorcery.

This perhaps explained why it was that we had detected no other technologically advanced civilizations, even as we developed FTL and roamed the galaxy for intelligent life. Theories abound on how this divergent pathway could have stagnated technological development, but that was a story for another day.

Our correspondences led us to the understanding that upon completion of this test, that a single candidate be sent through the threshold for further evaluation before their host civilization was allowed to fully peer into this great unknown. It called for a candidate of 19 years of age, of any rank and station, with what they described to us as “a heart of gold and a willingness to accept what is beyond the known, and willing to sacrifice everything should it come to it”.

Yet as we sent our first candidate through the threshold, it was clear that not only were we ‘magically deficient’, but that magic was actively _rejecting_ us. Despite being in full PPE that should have protected against every hazard known to science, our first candidate was returned to us in a near unrecognizable state. An autopsy revealed the signs of a breakdown of cellular matrices at a microscopic level, and what would only be described as near-liquefaction of our first human candidate.

But after some time was allowed for grieving, alongside whatever cover stories were needed to keep this under wraps, we knew we had to try again.

It was decided then, that we would spend however much more time was necessary in order to study, probe, and poke at the dangers that lie beyond this threshold. In order to best counter it using every tool at our disposal.

Decades, and after what we hoped weren’t lethal doses of ‘mana’ radiation later, we finally pulled it off. The ultimate expression of human defiance against an environment that would see us dead without an iota of empathy or compassion. The culmination of centuries of work, of sacrifice and hardship: the Mark I Exoreality and Atypical Radiation Resistant Suit (E-ARRS), or what most in the team now colloquially referred to as the enchanted power armor.

Based on the framework of modern power armor expressly designed for combat in the vacuum of space, the suit was nothing short of a technological marvel. Layers upon layers of exotic materials protected the wearer from a total of 29 distinct types of magical radiation. A hermetically sealed oversuit and helmet prevented any exposure to the air, and kept any foreign contaminants (be it biological or chemical) from coming into contact with the wearer. Pieces of composite armor were attached almost identically to the original design, with all of this weight carefully distributed and compensated by an exoskeleton sandwiched between the undersuit and oversuit, hence the term _power_ armor. Gauntlet-mounted laser and kinetic personal defense weapons were attached to both arms, despite the other side calling for the candidate to be sent unarmed.

Despite all this effort, a candidate was still needed to cross the threshold.

And that’s where Emma comes in.

=====

**The Institute for Anomalous Studies, Earth. 10 Minutes Prior to Arrival.**

**Emma Booker**

To say that the situation presented to me all those months ago was nothing short of unreal would be an understatement. Indeed, for a while I had assumed me being taken here was part of some elaborate psyops recruitment drive targeted at new unsuspecting members of the ROTC. It took hours before I was finally convinced that this entire situation was what the Director claimed it to be. I should’ve guessed as much though, because I doubt grabbing a college freshman straight out of a parking lot and into the backseat of a blacked-out SUV was anything but standard protocol.

The offer presented before me was something that no other human in history had ever been given. The opportunity to travel not just beyond the speed of light, or beyond the galactic quadrant, but to a whole other _dimension_. It was a world of (as the Director had put it herself) swords and sorcery, of indescribable history and culture, a world that I fundamentally had no interest in. Yet still, somehow, drew me in despite my desire to escape its allure.

Perhaps this was the real reason why they chose me. Perhaps this was why, out of the countless more candidates they probably had, I would be the one to don the encounter suit. Perhaps they knew that I just couldn’t help but to accept such an offer.

Indeed, even _I_ didn’t know _why_ I signed up without hesitation. Perhaps it was because I craved to follow the motions of what was expected of me. Perhaps it was a latent drive to tap into that childhood fantasy. Perhaps it was just that innate human spirit of adventure, of breaking yet another barrier that stood in the way of human progress.

Whatever it was, I knew that by signing I was more than likely never going to see home, family, or friends again for at least a whole year while attending this ‘academy’ on the other side of the portal.

_So much for my plans for college. Who knows, maybe they’ll accept transfer credits?_

The loss of contact with friends and family didn’t bother me that much. It wasn’t as if I had any tangible attachments anywhere anyways. The military was what gave me purpose in recent years, and it would be the military that would be backing me up in this adventure going forward.

If anything, I would have all to gain and nothing to lose from this venture.

So, with a single stroke of a pen, the grueling training began in earnest.

It was months of specialized training. Focusing on theory, protocol, but most important of all: the practical instructions necessary for a life of prolonged suiting. The power-armor was described to me as being more akin to a spacesuit, and it was promptly drilled into me that it would be the only barrier between myself and the other dimension’s unrepentantly volatile environment. How any native civilization, let alone species, had managed to evolve and survive there I did not know… What I did know however was that an entire year of being cooped up in PPE would be challenging to say the very least.

Which was also why I was given a sort of inflatable tent. One that had the same “mana”-resistant properties as the suit, but with the downsides of being unbelievably fragile, so fragile that even an off-the-counter kitchen knife could pose a real threat to it. Yet it would be my only respite in between prolonged periods of suiting, and would be required for routine maintenance when the time did call for it.

Weapons, survival, and tactical exercises were all part of the training regimen, all with a heavy emphasis on the suit’s various subsystems. A fine piece of technology that I was beginning to grow fond of, given the lengths that the UN’s best and brightest have gone to transform an EVA workhorse into a platoon’s worth of force projection.

Yet training and briefing on the other dimension was worryingly lacking. The Director herself admitted that we were going in half-blind. With far less than they would’ve liked to work off of. It was admittedly up to me to _“make up for the lack of intel in situational adaptability and personal initiative”_.

I wanted to tell her that would be easier said than done, but given the circumstances, I held back on it.

Eventually however, the time did come for my training, my skills, and my resolve to be put to the ultimate test.

As I stood there in the middle of a lab straight out of a science fiction movie, with administrative staff, military attaches, and leading scientific minds all hiding behind a veritable bunker that overlooked a room filled to the brim with monitoring equipment and strange runic markings on the floor.

“Whatever happens, Cadet. Know that you’re making history, and that you’re making your country, your people, and the entirety of the human race, proud. Out of the 252 billion humans in this galaxy, you will be one of the only two to have stepped through this threshold.” The Director spoke in a rousing speech which elicited a few claps from behind her, as I responded with a single thumbs up and a nod.

“Neil Armstrong, Peter Li, Jean Rousseau, and Eleanor Sobeck all had something to say before they made their big leaps forward, didn't they?” I asked, as the portal before me started to grow in increasing size and intensity. “If I can even be compared to any of them that is… I’d like to say something as well.”

“Whatever it is, you better make it a quick one cadet, the portal’s about to reach criticality.”

“Humanity has always reached for the stars, reaching ever outwards towards the heavens. Today, humanity reaches _beyond_ the stars, _beyond_ the heavens, into the pages of fiction itself.”

=====

**The Transgracian Academy for the Magical Arts, Nexus.**

**Emma Booker**

It happened almost instantly. In fact, it felt as if _nothing_ had happened at all, as all I saw was the drab concrete and composite walls suddenly disappearing for a split second, only to be replaced with a room that looked like it was pulled straight from a recreation of Versailles.

It was the same feeling you’d get when leaving one room and entering another. Except without ever actually physically moving at all.

My eyes had barely adjusted to that sudden shift in my surroundings before I was met face to face with what could only be described as three humanoid figures pulled straight from a fantasy novel. They all stared at me with the same shocked expression I probably had underneath the opaque lenses of the helmet. Yet as I noticed their robed figures, and most importantly, the distinct coloration between each of them, it became clear to me that these three most likely belonged to whatever staff, faculty, or hierarchy that existed here.

_Different colored robes, denoting different ranks, departments maybe? Clearly some sort of hierarchy, which means, officials, staff, faculty, teachers?_ I thought to myself as I held up a single, suited hand, and waved.

“Hi. I’m Emma. The new student from Earth?”

My whole body tensed as I spoke those words, realizing what I’d just done…

_I gave my speech_ _**before**_ _I arrived here. Which means… the first words ever spoken by a human in this new reality would be… oh god what have I done._

It didn’t take long however before the silence was promptly broken by the most striking figure in the group, a blue-robed elf, who immediately came to my side with an expression of growing concern. “Emma was it? How are you feeling?” He seemed fixated on my helmet, tapping at the armor’s composite chest-plate before continuing in a voice that did little to hide his rising anxiousness. “I hear no breaths coming from… er, _through_ that suit of armor. C-can you breathe? I-if someone has gone wrong with this… contraption, please inform me immediately so that we may take you to the infirmary in order to remove-”

“Whoah whoah whoah!” I raised up both hands defensively, the mere mention of removing the suit sent my survival training into overdrive as I took a few steps back, taking a moment to gather myself. “I… I’m fine. I feel fine at least. And the suit’s fine as well. I erm. If I feel off or anything I’ll be sure to tell you… sir?” I cocked my head, realizing that none of the three have yet to introduce themselves.

“Ah, yes, the introductions.” The black-robed one spoke next. This one was also elvish… except, darker, almost purple? A purple with a heavy hint of charcoal. Like someone had poured activated charcoal into grape soda. His hair was black, slick, and was formed back into two distinct locks. “I am Council-Appointed Professor Mal’tory, I am in charge of administrative duties relaying matters I deem of significance to the Privy Council and His Majesty the King, himself. As a Professor I am in charge of the Arts of Perception and Light.” The man refused to acknowledge me in any other way than a piercing stare. I bowed my head all the same though, not wanting to break any social faux pas on my first day.

“And I am Professor Vanavan, assistant to the Dean, and Professor of Mana-field Studies.” The blue-robed elf who had rushed up to me spoke, giving me half nod before turning to the older, clearly winded red-robed professor.

“This is Professor Belnor, she is in charge of the Potions Department and Professor of Potions crafting.” He spoke, before raising both arms up a welcoming gesture. “We’re happy to have you here, Emma of Earthrealm.”

Once introductions were firmly out of the way, I gave a firmer, deeper bow. The three responded with varying degrees of acknowledgement, before Vanavan once more took charge of the group, gesturing for me to follow.

“You will have to forgive me for the brashness in my outward concern. The fate of your predecessor still looms over the academy like a specter of great shame; a tragedy that none of us wishes to see repeated. I have personally taken it upon myself to ensure that you do not suffer this fate. So long as you remain within my purview, within the walls of this academy, I will see to it that your life is free from harm.” Vanavan spoke with a certain severity that sent chills down my spine. The polite, caring expression contrasted heavily with the intensity of his speech. Yet that intensity seemed to die down almost immediately as we left the foyer, now morphing to a more amicable, excitable expression. “So, it is clear that we will have much to discuss regarding your uniform and your manner of dress, Emma of Earthrealm. Though we should make haste to the orientation first and foremost! Everyone has been waiting with bated breath for your safe and timely arrival!”

As the grand double-doors of the foyer closed behind us, I took note as the black-robed professor seemed to linger behind, his eyes fixated on a small slit nestled high up in a far flung corner of the room.

File: Wendigoon D&D/HFY Power Armor\Ch 1 - 10\3.md

[[2|Previous]] [[4|Next]]
Orientation. That was what the blue-robed elf spoke of when he, and the red-robed professor, escorted me towards yet another expansive room. This one more resembled the grand dining halls of old European palaces, gaudy, but still somehow tasteful. It was large, far larger than even the foyer, with white marble and a smokey gray quartz lining every square inch of the floor. In fact, if you looked closer, you could see these intricate, lightning bolt-looking patterns that more resembled cracks in the otherwise pristine flooring that pulsated with each step you took. Well, it pulsated for everyone else anyways, but it seemed practically dead with each and every one of _my_ steps.

Speaking of footsteps, it was clear that the sound generated by a hard composite boot slamming into an equally hard, unyielding surface, was rather loud and borderline offensive. Given the fact that the entire room seemed to have been clued in on my arrival, even prior to my entry into that elevated outcropping that positioned anyone entering the room about a half-floor’s height above the rest on a grand set of stairs. It seemed to be something reminiscent of those grand staircases where one’s name would be called out prior to entering the room.

Indeed, as I looked to my side, I saw this scrawny, yet well dressed diminutive elf that was in the process of unfurling a scroll filled to the brim with names and titles. A scroll which I promptly snapped a photo of, for that sweet, _sweet_ intel.

“And finally, the last to join the esteemed ranks of the first-year class of 29,019, Miss Emma Booker, of Earthrealm!” The elf announced, much to the completely lifeless reactions of the room filled to the brim with what I can only describe as an eclectic collection of fantasy and alien races alike. From even _more_ elves of varying phenotypes through to lizardmen that could’ve just as easily belonged in a Harry Turtledove novel as much as a Dungeons and Dragons rulebook. Some of them seemed to be wearing a dressed-down version of the professor’s cloaks and gowns, yet quite a few seemed to be adorned in silks and other assorted fineries reserved for the nobility of old Europe. Perhaps this is what the Professors meant when they said that the uniform situation could be sorted later?

It was a lot to take in, but what was more disconcerting was a sudden, almost inexplicable realization of the situation that I was currently being thrust into.

I had not taken into account just how life here would _actually_ pan out. Most of the training had been squarely focused on survival, and survival alone. From suit maintenance to potential protracted engagements, to weapons training, there was a distinct lack of any training in the realm of just… _fitting in_. What’s more, _I_ didn’t even consider it given how much of my anxiety and concern was fixated on just _surviving_ the journey here and _not_ turning into a liquified mess.

So when the issue of my survival was well and truly out of frame, what was left was the need to adapt to college life. It was, ironically, something that I’ve been preparing at home for _years_ now. However, something told me that those months of cramming for the SATs and years spent in AP classes probably wouldn’t mean much here.

I stared at the crowd blankly… was I supposed to _say_ something? Curtsy? Is that what old medieval people did? Was I expected to give a speech about being the first human here? Or rather, the first _living_ human here?

My anxieties ate away at me as the massive crowd of students likewise seemed to lack any suitable response to what was effectively a 7 foot tall suit of power armor staring all of them down.

“Emma.” I finally heard Vanavan whispering. “You’re supposed to just go down to whichever seat you deem suitable.”

A feeling of relief washed over me as I realized that I didn’t have to give an impromptu speech after all-

“That is, if you don’t _wish_ to give a speech. Being the first of your realm, there are expectations, but this can vary from person to person and realm to realm. So, do as you please.” The red-robed professor quickly interjected with a sly, almost mischievous voice. Something I wasn’t expecting from someone who possessed the face of a kind elderly grandmother.

That relief that had washed over me had suddenly disappeared, now completely replaced by a sense of utter dread as I cleared my throat, adjusted my suit’s speakers to make sure I would be audible, and spoke.

“H-hello. I’m Cadet Emma Booker of the United Nations’ Reserve Officer Training Corps, North-American Sector, Homeworld Command. I am here on behalf of…” _My people? The United Nations of Earth and Luna? My country? My nation?_ “... humanity, and its representative body, the United Nations. I hope to… learn from everyone here, to share cultures and ideas, and to see what there is to see here.” I managed out, forcing a smile underneath my helmet even though I knew that wasn’t necessary.

Silence was all that greeted me after that introduction, however. Silence followed by the start of mumbles and whispers, which normally wouldn’t even be audible from this distance, but was certainly more than audible using the suit’s onboard audio-visual sensors.

_“They sent a fucking squire?”_

_“No, I think ‘cadet’ is the lowest rank of any armed forces isn’t it?”_

_“Nono, that’s only in the Alturic Principality. In my Kingdom, it’s the rank of those of commoner-candidates who wish to join as auxiliary commissioned officers.”_

_“You Alturicians with your commoners…”_

_“Whatever! That doesn’t change this dishonor! The Earthrealm sees itself as so much more important that it sends the lowest of the low to our ranks?”_

_“Even the Empire of Alanor sends its merchant houses, commoners as they may be. A lowly officer-candidate is not rich or socially prominent are they?”_

_“Not in my Kingdom, no!”_

_“I hate to be pointing out the obvious here but, why the_ _**hideous**_ _suit of armor?”_

_“To hide the hideousness underneath more than likely…”_

_“Wait, you guys, I don’t see her mana-field.”_

_“Maybe because she’s too far away-, no, wait you’re right. Wait… no, they couldn’t have.”_

_“Did they send a fucking_ _**slave**_ _to the Nexus?”_

_“They wouldn’t dare. That suit of armor must be enchanted, it_ _**must**_ _be hiding her mana-fields. There’s no adjacent realm_ _**thick**_ _enough or_ _**foolish**_ _enough to send a mana deficient_ _**creature**_*.”*

_“Well, this is going to be a fun academic year… we either have a peer that possesses magical enchantments that far surpasses any of our own artificing methodologies hiding whatever tainted creature lies within. Or we have a mana deficient_ _**creature**_*, a slave in all but name, masquerading as a peer.”*

_“The truth shall make itself known soon enough.”_

I shut off my long-range listening device (L-RLD) almost immediately after hearing those unfiltered voices. The jabs and slights at the armor and my apparent shortcomings in the physical attractiveness department wasn’t what really worried me. Heck, it wasn’t even the rampant classism and throwback to pre-industrial politics that worried me.

It was the latter claims of magical deficiencies and slavery. _That_ was going to be a hot topic I needed to sort out… preferably _sooner_ rather than _later_.

A grimace formed at the edges of my face as I turned towards the Professors worryingly. The pair seemed to be oblivious to the fact that I’d been able to discern the general consensus within the room, as they simply gestured for me to descend down the stairs and into the dining hall proper.

Whatever social interactions came next was probably going to _suck_.

=====

**The Foyer**

“Come out.” Mal’Tory spoke under a rigid, hushed breath. Despite this his voice still echoed throughout the foyer, carried by some unseen force that caused anyone within visual distance to feel as if that simple command was being whispered right into their very ears.

Yet there was no response, not from any of the gaggle of interlopers currently hiding in abject fear of being caught.

“I understand there are three of you hiding within the servant’s quarters. Fitting. Really. Given how you lot cower like the lesser elves whose rooms you currently inhabit. Perhaps that should be your punishment hmm? A relocation to the servant’s quarters for an entire semester?”

Not a single one dared to respond as they all held their collective breaths.

“Unlike the rest of the professors, I speak with the Royal Council’s authority. Your bluffs of noble nepotism fall flat.”

Silence.

“Consider this a warning then. I will allow you three to wallow in the fact that your identities may or may not be known to me.” An uncompromising grimace remained plastered on the man’s face as his posture never once faltered whilst gazing up at those shallow slits in the wall. “I leave you with these parting words as a welcome to your academic year.” He concluded, before finally, leaving the room entirely. His exit caused the lights, the very room itself, to quake in knowing fear.

=====

**The Lesser Elf Hideaway**

The Lupinor stood with his back up against the uneven stone finish of the room, the dampness of the walls seeping into his uniform and fur as he stared blankly into space.

The Vunerian, meanwhile, seemed adamant on hiding _underneath_ the servant’s bed, his whole body quaking as every fiber of his being screamed at him to do _something_, yet he remained in a hyperventilating state all the same.

It was only the Avinor princess who remained relatively calm, her expressions whilst difficult to read on account of the beak, was still decidedly unmoved by the whole exchange.

“Let’s head back to orientation now, there’s not much time left before it officially starts.” Was all she said as she walked calmly towards the door, only to be chastised by the Vunerian.

“H-how the fuck are _you_ so calm?! I-it’s because you’re a _princess_ isn’t it? You know you won’t be affected like the rest of us! You know you’re going to get off scot free! You probably even _know_ the guy personally! You-”

“There’s no point in cowering or panicking.” Was all Thacea said in response. “You learn that the hard way when you’re in the Royal Court.” Her tainted aura seemed to shift and shudder at that, forcing the Vunerian into silence once more as the Lupinor nodded in agreement.

“Let’s get going then. As tainted as the princess is, she has a point. In battle, there are sometimes losses, sometimes gains. It isn’t worth worrying about the long-term implications of recent losses, if you don’t live to survive the next battle. So let’s make this next battle count.” The Lupinor practically growled out towards Ilunor, but in a complete shift of attitude, gave Thacea a curt nod. “Perhaps I may have misjudged you in the opening hours of this battle, princess. Your resolve, at least compared to this lizard’s, is stronger than I could’ve imagined.”

“Thank you.” Thacea responded promptly, a smile of relief forming at the edges of her beak.

“I am merely stating a fact. If we are to survive here, we will all need to share a similar resolve.” The Lupinor chimed back, before turning his head towards the now dust-ridden Vunerian. “A resolve which is severely lacking in our Vunerian comrade.”

Without a second’s hesitation the pair promptly left the servant’s hideaway. Followed closely behind by Ilunor who, in his rush, was particularly more disheveled than when he first entered the room.

“You made sure to bring your amulets, yes?” The Lupinor continued as he slowed down just enough for the Vunerian to catch up.

“So you’ve heard the rumors too?” Thacea inquired back, refusing to respond just yet as she gauged the wolf’s expressions with questioning intent.

“Anyone worth their mettle and their stations would have heard the rumors!” Ilunor suddenly interjected, still winded as his shorter, stubbier legs found it difficult to maintain the long graceful strides the taller pair of misfits were capable of.

“Yes. So I ask again, did you bring your amulets of dispelling?” The Lupinor reiterated, his tone shifting to one that was much more severe, pressing the matter without room for anything beyond a yes or a no answer.

“Yes. Of course. There isn’t any reason not to be careful, especially in such turbulent times. It is troubling to believe that the faculty would be so brazen to attempt the _**binding ritual**_ **on orientation day**. Those… less fortunate will have no time to prepare, and to my understanding this will be the first time in over a thousand years that the faculty will be brazen enough to break _any_ of the unspoken rules.” Thacea responded, opening up the doors to further discussion as she and the Lupinor both palmed their respective amulets underneath their cloaks, one disguised as a ceremonial dagger, the other disguised as a pendant on a royal necklace.

“And you, Ilunor? Have you brought your amulet of dispelling?” The Lupinor turned back towards the exhausted Vunerian, who only nodded in reply as he struggled to maintain the pair’s ungainly pace.

“Let us hope it does not come to it. However, if it does, then at the very least we will be safe in the knowledge that our group will be protected from the chains of the ritual of the binding charter.” Thacea sighed back in apprehension as the pair now found their way back towards the side entrance to the grand reception hall.

=====

**The Grand Reception Hall**

**Emma Booker**

Do you know the feeling you get when you enter a movie theater 10 minutes past its start? Or that the awkwardness that comes with mingling with strangers at your distant relative’s expensive wedding? _That_ was the feeling I was experiencing as I waded my way through the sea of domed dishes and fine silverware that _floated_ to and from each table.

Yet unlike the long, communal tables of certain fantastical schools I’d read as a child, this school seemed adamant on modeling itself more like an exclusive dining venue. Closed-off groups had already clearly formed as evidenced by their active conversations and dismissive glares. Species-exclusive tables were likewise scattered about, particularly true for the elves and those of draconic descent. Indeed, there wasn’t a single table that was available save for the strangely out of place circular one tucked away in a far corner of the room. One that was clearly supposed to seat four, but at this point was empty.

I realized this was probably my best bet, even if this meant I wouldn’t be mingling with the locals for the duration of this orientation.

_Great. We’re back to middle school politics on who sits with who. This was supposed to be a_ _**college**_, _everyone here’s_ _**my age**_*, why aren’t they acting like it?*

My thoughts and growing anxiety were quickly replaced by a far more pressing matter however, as I sat down at the table, and felt the unmistakable feeling of a chair far too fragile for the immense weight of my suit. My heart skipped a beat as I felt my whole body clench whilst I struggled to shift my weight to avoid, or at least delay the inevitable. The engineers back at home probably hadn’t even accounted for _this_ exact scenario, and probably _any_ _other_ scenario that didn’t involve outright utility, maintenance, repair, or survival. Ergonomic functionality in day-to-day social interactions was probably the last thing on their minds when designing and constructing this thing, and it was beginning to _show_.

_But what else could I do? Stand?_

I knew that I’d just have to chance it. Placing half of my weight on the chair and the other half on my calves as I maintained an awkward, almost painful ‘seated’ position, all in an attempt to prevent the unthinkable from happening in the middle of what was perhaps the most important day of the year. First impressions were everything and I’d already started off on an unsavory foot with that ‘speech’.

Not to mention the troubling implications of their gossiping whispers.

Yet it was just as I had managed to acclimate myself that a new unexpected variable entered the picture, in the form of three additional students who quickly joined my table in a hurried sprint.

The three seemed to halt dead in their tracks when they spotted me, as their eyes strayed throughout the room, in some last minute attempt to scour for any other available seats. When it became clear this wouldn’t be possible however, the three began to resign themselves to their respective fates. The small, diminutive, somewhat disheveled looking draconic lizard seemed to just be done with it all, simply sinking into his seat with a sigh of defeat. The werewolf looking creature however, seemed dead-set on just staring me down, as if sizing me up for a fight. Finally, the most _striking_ of the bunch, what most resembled a tropical bird, seemed to have given me a single glance before turning back towards the various other points of interest scattered throughout the room.

The bird in particular stood out the most, despite being dressed in the drab grays and blacks of the academy’s uniform, what plumage was still visible stuck out in stark contrast with the otherwise repetitive gold, silver, marble, and granite of the castle. This was probably why even more eyes were drawn to us now, as our little corner had become an eclectic collection of oddities to gawk at.

I was so focused on the various eyes and hushed voices fixated on us that I didn’t notice the bird’s gaze shifting towards me. Without any warning, other than a soft barely audible whisper from her beak, a flurry of alarms assaulted my HUD.

**ALERT: LOCALIZED SURGE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED, 192% ABOVE BACKGROUND RADIATION LEVELS**

Yet as quickly as the alert had sounded, so too did it vanish from view, as the radiation levels dropped back down to background levels after a few short seconds.

I shot an accusatory glance at what I assumed was the perpetrator behind this with a grunt of annoyance, shifting my weight around in my seat… only to realize that the seat no longer felt like it was about to give way.

A sharp shocked exhale of disbelief escaped from my vocoder, garnering the attention of the two and an ever so subtle smile from the bird. Or at least what I _assumed_ was a smile.

I cocked my head at the avian stranger as she reciprocated with a knowing nod. It was at this point that I finally broke my minutes-long silence with as appreciative of a response I could muster.

“Emma Booker, thanks for the save there.”

“Princess Thacea Dilani, it’s my pleasure.”

File: Wendigoon D&D/HFY Power Armor\Ch 1 - 10\4.md

[[3|Previous]] [[5|Next]]

A Princess… a real, honest to god, princess.

My mind had struggled to register that. The past half hour alone was just about enough to overwhelm my head with an inundation of experiences completely removed from my reality. From magic, to mythical races, to talking birds, and an entirely alien _civilization_ that I had no context for, everything here was just about pushing the limits of my sanity.

_But in a good way_… A part of me thought to myself as I felt a mix of conflicting feelings bubbling up to the surface. There was an intrusive excitement that came with the novelty of it all, of actually _being_ in a place that _should_ have been reserved for the pages of a fantasy novel or the fleeting hours of a DnD session. It was sickeningly nostalgic, and provocatively exciting, but I had to keep it in check.

The reality I was in was nothing like those fantasies… despite my deepest desires to believe it. I quickly pushed aside those intrusive thoughts as I attempted to focus on the task at hand, which at this point was just trying my best to fit in. Something that was much easier said than done given the obvious barrier that was the suit.

“You know, where I come from, stories usually start off with the knight saving the Princess, and not the other way around.” I managed out with a chuckle, attempting to break the ice with my own off-brand humor which I _think_ worked? It was difficult to really tell with a face that was dominated by a beak rather than a mouth or even a snout. Combine this with what was perhaps years of whatever manners or social training Thacea had received as a royal and it was clear that I’d have to be laser-focused on all of our discussions, or risk being lost in the sea of social cues that existed for royalty and nobility.

“Well you’ll be quite happy to know that those preconceived notions are quite well and alive here in the Nexus as it is in most adjacent realms.” The Princess began. Her voice was sharp, but rich, somewhere between a parrot’s mimicry and an owl’s deep hooting. There was a certain restraint in the way she spoke, even with this little piece of banter. “Are you…” The Princess continued, her eyes clearly fixated on my armor rather than the person inside it. “If you’ll excuse my presumptuous line of questioning of course, but am I correct in assuming you’re a knight of your realm? Perhaps a squire, given how knighthoods are most usually bestowed well beyond the Academy’s age of matriculation.”

I blinked for a few moments, feeling as if I was thrust into an interview or a social function reserved for the Director and her military brass. If this were any other situation I would’ve just been done with it and answered with the first thing that came to mind, but this wasn’t like any other situation… so whatever answer I gave had to be _heavily_ audited.

How would you even _begin_ to explain the concept of an ROTC cadet to someone from an era that didn’t even have a proper standing army… or did they? Wait, did they have standing armies in the medieval era? Could the medieval era even be used as a point of reference for the Nexus and whatever the adjacent realms were?

There certainly wasn’t anything in the massive SIOP (Social Integration and Operations Protocol) manual that could’ve prepared me for a face to face interaction with _royalty_ of all things.

To the credit of the SIOP’s authors though, no one could’ve ever expected _any of this_.

“Knights and squires aren’t really a thing in my world anymore, actually.” I replied confidently, puffing my chest up as if to compensate for my utter lack of understanding for what constituted proper social etiquette here.

Though that probably didn’t do much given the suit was in the way of any real body language to be read.

This answer however proved to be… lacking, as the Princess raised a single brow in response, leaning forward in her seat as she allowed my words to linger in the air. It was as if she was going through and dissecting the implications of my claims methodically, her eyes not even making the effort to hide the analytical mind behind it. A mind that was more than likely going to throw some curveball of a question back my way.

“A-”

“A realm without knights and squires eh?” The wolf looking creature finally interjected, completely cutting off what was probably going to be a carefully worded line of questioning from the Princess.

This caught me off guard, as my attention was now squarely focused on this hulking mass of a creature. If Thacea was a _Princess_, what I assumed was a member of a royal household, then what right did this wolf have to interrupt her like that? The only assumption I could make was that perhaps he was higher up the ladder than she was, and that thought alone was definitely something to be worried about.

“Yes, that’s correct.” I answered curtly, making sure to balance my dislike of his interruption with caution regarding his place in the social pecking order here.

“Hmmph.” He scoffed back, as he sized me up again, his predatory eyes managing to lock with my own underneath those opaque lenses, sending shivers down my spine. “Yeah, nah, not buying it. You got a better cover story or are we going to be dealing with a spineless liar and a charlatan for the rest of the school year?” He boldly announced. Catching me off guard as I noticed the princess mellowing back into the background as the tension grew.

Part of me wanted to avoid confrontation, to just explain away the situation carefully. Another part of me knew however that yielding softly wouldn’t help matters. Especially not with someone who was clearly trying to assert themselves like this.

A distant part of me wanted to demonstrate the utter obsolescence of knights in shining armor by pulling out my sidearm. This was, of course, a distant thought for a reason.

_Maybe another time…_

“Those are big words to throw around, pal.” I spoke, letting what little of a polite front I was putting up crumble away as I leaned in closer towards the table. “You caught that much just from one sentence alone, did you? Listen… I don’t take too kindly to being called a liar before I’ve even been properly introduced to the person throwing those punches, so why don’t we clear up the air a little here, start with names and introductions, then address whatever lies you think I’m spouting?” I offered, trying my best to de-escalate the situation, but also making it clear that I wasn’t about to take his crap lying down. “I’ll start. I’m Emma Booker, what’s your name?”

“Thalmin. Prince Thalmin Havenbrok of the Lupinor court.” The Lupinor spoke with little in the way of pomp and circumstance, but rather, with an air of underlying aggression that saw his maw curl up in a snarl with his rows of canine-like teeth brought to bare.

“It’s actually _Mercenary_ Prince Thalmin Havenbrok of the Lupinor court.” The diminutive lizard piped up, finally deciding to enter the conversation, his eyes facing me with equal parts confusion, anxiety, and genuine intrigue. “I must apologize for my ill-mannered friend here, this is very much typical of Lupinor court nobility, and even moreso with their _royalty_.” He continued, as if trying to vie for my attention as it was clear now that all eyes were firmly on _me_.

“You will watch your tongue Ilunor, or you will find _it_, and the rest of the head it’s attached to, missing from your shoulders by night’s end.” Thalmin shifted his aggression towards the small lizard, who fell short of impressed let alone intimidated by the Lupinor’s antics.

“Let us not beat around the bush.” Ilunor spoke, completely ignoring Thalmin’s threats and focusing the line of questioning squarely on me. “Squires and knights, court etiquette and chivalry, lies and whatnot, all of it can be discussed later. What we need to know right now-” His tone softened as he paused in the middle of his sentence to mutter out something under his breath. Something which caused my HUD to once again be assaulted by a barrage of warnings.

**ALERT: LOCALIZED SURGE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED, 225% ABOVE BACKGROUND RADIATION LEVELS**

Warnings that disappeared within a few seconds just as it had been with Thacea’s use of magic. However, unlike the chair, I didn’t notice any difference to me, or my immediate surroundings. That was until I noticed that my long range listening sensors were all but dead, as it felt as if there was an acoustic bubble that had enveloped our table. I assumed this probably worked both ways so while we couldn’t hear what was happening on the other side of the bubble, so too would our conversations be completely inaudible to the rest of the room.

“-is what you’re doing here in a full suit of armor. Armor that is clearly concealing your mana-fields. Tell us, Emma of Earthrealm, have your kind developed a way to hide the sickness of mana-field taint?”

“Ilunor, please-”

“Quiet _princess_, if we are to move forward as a peer-group, we mustn't hide such pressing matters from one another!” The lizard snapped, cutting Thacea off, as it became clear to me that these two were not above knocking her down at every possible turn despite her royal rank.

It sickened me to my stomach.

“That must be the only reason behind your ridiculous insistence on wearing a full suit of armor to the Academy, why else would someone try to mask their mana-fields? In fact, I don’t even think there’s anyone underneath that suit at all. Are you perhaps a golem, or some artificed slave-soul trapped in metal? There’s no other explanation as to why you are able to sit there, exuding _nothing_. Like a lifeless suit of armor!” The lizard turned around to face Thalmin, then Thacea who sat there with a look of growing concern. “You all feel it! I know you can! There’s no mana-field within or around that _thing_! It’s like a _slave_ is sitting at our table! How else would this… this… _thing_ feel so lifeless and dead?!” He reiterated, forcing Thacea to slink back further into her seat as the Lupinor grew quieter and quieter still. “I’m just saying what’s on everyone’s mind.” He quickly added.

“**What the fuck is your problem?**” I shot back through my vocoder, the volume alone causing the diminutive lizard to slink firmly back against his seat. I stood up, the full 7’4” height of my suit easily surpassing the lizard’s height twice-over.

Whether it was the stress of the whole situation, or the fact that my hands were practically splintering the table at the seams, Thacea finally snapped back. “Enough!” It was at this point that my sensors reported another surge of magical radiation. Except this time it wasn’t capping out or remaining fixed at a certain percentage over the background radiation, but was fluctuating wildly.

Soon after the variable fluctuation of mana-field energy, I felt the audio-nullifying bubble around us _pop_, as the sounds of the room were once more audible, forcing all of us to step back from each other’s throats before I heard yet more gossip from afar. This time targeted towards the avian.

_Huh, seems like the tainted princess just had a little breakdown._

_I’m surprised they even sent her to the Academy. Only the Gods and Goddesses know when her taint will overwhelm her mana-fields. It will spell death for everyone here._

_May her peer-group find solace in their quick and timely demise._

“Wait, group?” I parrotted out, which garnered the attention of everyone at the table. “Are we-”

“Oh, so our knight in shining armor finally gets it. Yes, our _group_. The table you sit with at orientation will dictate your peer-group for the rest of the academic year.” The lizard hissed back, as he refused to meet my gaze, instead, focusing on domed dishes in front of him.

“I believe this is why Prince Thalmin Havenbrok, and Lord Ilunor Rularia here are currently on edge. It is… a huge risk for the three of us to be paired with a being which we lack any knowledge of. As a result of this, and in addition to the great number of stressors we each faced prior to our arrival at the academy, there exists a great deal of tension which both Thalmin and Ilunor seem to be resolving with fear, anger, and frustration. For that I must apologize, Emma of Earthrealm.” The Avian gave me the slightest hint of a head nod that I reciprocated in kind.

I wanted so desperately to punt the lizard across the room, perhaps even knock Thalmin down a peg, but I knew they were probably acting out of stress. I could empathize. Conflict de-escalation was what was keeping me back, although it was a bit harder to do with the lizard. “It’s fine. I get it. I literally just survived being turned into a pile of liquified goop just a half hour ago. We all have our issues to contend with.” I sighed, placing both hands on the table in front of me. “I’m willing to answer any questions you have, but let’s just try to be a bit more civil, okay?” I offered, putting that olive branch out there as the wolf seemed to be willing to play ball, nodding and leaning forward.

“The lizard has a point.” He began. “We need to know _why_ the armor, Emma.” His tone was far more subdued now, but still carried a certain severity behind it.

I looked everyone dead in the eye, and despite them all being unable to see my eyes underneath the lenses, I tried my best to maintain eye contact all the same. Part of me wondered if I should evade the question, but I knew that if this really _was_ to be my group for the rest of the year, healthy communication would be key. “If I take this off I die.” I stated bluntly, eliciting reactions I more or less expected.

“_Dramatic_.” Ilunor whispered under his breath. The wolf however, didn’t seem to mind as he gestured for me to continue with a single nod of his head.

“Go on.”

“I’m not sure if the Academy told you this. I mean, judging from how gossipy this place is…” I gestured to the tables behind us to illustrate my point. “It would be kinda surprising if you guys hadn’t heard, but the previous human student who tried to cross the threshold just ended up _melted_. The suit is all that stands in the way between me and that fate.” I shuddered, a tinge of concern dripping with every word as just _admitting_ that fact made me acutely aware of just how precarious my position here was.

The whole room looked so _normal_, yet for all intents and purposes it was effectively the vacuum of space to me.

“How is that possible-” Thacea began, only to have her line of questioning cut short by a series of three loud thumps. Each thump reverberated louder and louder as all eyes shot towards a part of the room that I could’ve sworn didn’t exist just a moment prior. A quick look at my HUD revealed that a small spike of radiation was detected, hinting at the fact that there was probably some magic involved with all of this.

What appeared in front of us was an entire stage, elevated about 5 feet above the floor and connected to the floor via a series of levitating marble staircases.

“Attention! Students-to-be from the Nexus and Adjacent-realms alike! The orientation is about to commence!” A voice echoed throughout the room, belonging to none other than the blue robed professor who’d just apparated alongside a group of 25 similarly cloaked humanoids who stood at attention behind him. Each of them seemed to belong to a different race, most seemed elvish, but a scant few stood out as draconic, and even cat-like.

My eyes focused on one figure however. A tall, graceful, regal looking elf draped in a cloak that was pure white. So white in fact that I could swear it practically _radiated_ light itself. Something told me this was more than likely the man in charge of the whole operation…

“The Transgracian Academy for the Magical Arts welcomes each and every one of you.” The white-robed figure spoke, moving forwards to completely overshadow Vanavan. “For those of you who do not know, I am Dean Altalan Rur Astur, the 2592nd dean of this Academy, and the 4th in my lineage to hold such an honor.” The dean continued, as the rest of the professors behind him fell in line, standing in three distinct rows, with the black-robed Mal’tory and blue-robed Vanavan standing immediately behind him.

“Now, I expect most of you to have read up on your history, but because we are blessed with a new realmer amongst our ranks-” The Dean’s eyes shifted towards me, and so did the entire room and three rows of professors. Thanks to the suit, no one could gauge my reactions, but underneath, I was practically melting alive. “-I deem it best to provide a brief summary of the significance of this academy to the balance that is the Nexus-Realm accords.”

“In the beginning, there was nothing. Nothing but the nexus itself. This Nexus however wasn’t one any of us today would recognize, for it existed as a world of pure mana, where the gods existed in peace and harmony. This harmony however, was not fated to last. For out of this realm of mana came another being, a god in everything but name. His taint and miasma infected the realm, and out of this taint came sin, and out of this sin came discord, and from that came the corruption of the old gods, and the eventual war in the heavens which forever shattered the perfection that was the Old Nexus. Yet from the ashes came the seeds of new life: The Adjacent Realms, born as but an afterthought, without purpose, without direction. Conversely, forged from the wisdom of the new gods came the New Nexus, a creation of love and commitment. A commitment to forge a better world of enlightened beings. Beings which comprise up much of the Academy’s faculty and staff.” The dean gestured to himself, and the staff which stood unflinchingly behind him. “The Academy was constructed to bridge the gap that exists between the Nexus and the Adjacent realms, to teach and enlighten those with the gift of mana, and to elevate the adjacent realms from its natural tendencies of barbarism to one of civility. We exist to bring the enlightenment of the gods to the lightless.”

The Dean’s monologue was capped off with an unwavering smile, one that only grew in confidence as he went on.

“Students from the Nexus and Adjacent realms! By order of the Transgracia Accords of 10,092, under the blessings of all the adjacent realms and approved by the holy decree of His Majesty the King, I hereby announce the official start to this academic school year and the **induction** of the Class of 29,019!”

Yet instead of the cheers and claps of any other such announcement, what I saw before me was a room filled with dread.

_“He can’t do that…”_ I heard several voices whisper throughout the room.

_“The orientation still hasn’t even begun.”_ A few more spoke, before silence eventually dominated the entire room.

The formerly chatty and well composed crowd had all but lost their composure at that proclamation, and what’s more, quite a few began to fidget with their uniforms; specifically with something hidden _underneath_ them.

Murmurs were heard from the faculty on stage as Vanavan stepped forward to the Dean, whispering something into his ear which only elicited the most dismissive of glares as he was forced back in line in the most passive aggressive way I could imagine.

The whole room wreaked of something having gone terribly out of step, like the carefully choreographed and rehearsed lines of the past few minutes had been derailed without warning.

“So!” The Dean continued, the warmth in his smile was still there, yet I couldn’t help but feel that it was completely out of touch with the mood in the room. “Without further ado, we should get on with the ceremony of scholarly rites.” The tone in his voice hinted that this was a request, or something optional, yet the way he phrased it made it clear that this wasn’t just a passing remark. It was a demand. A demand that had clearly spooked all of the students in the room, and had caused the few that were fidgeting with whatever it was underneath their cloaks to begin uttering murmurs that caused small localized spikes in mana-radiation around themselves.

Mal’tory stepped forward, his eyes gazing across each and every one of the students in the room with a piercing, almost unfeeling look of apathy as he held something in his hands. It was a leather-bound case, an object that seemed too _plain_ to be something issued by a school that exuded wealth and extravagance.

“The first student who steps forward for the ceremony will receive 20 points credited to their peer-group, 30 points to their house, and 50 extra credits to whichever class they see fit.”

File: Wendigoon D&D/HFY Power Armor\Ch 1 - 10\5.md

[[4|Previous]] [[6|Next]]

I genuinely expected someone to have stepped up to the challenge almost immediately. Especially when considering what I could only assume was a generous compensation just for volunteering to be the first in line. So upon seeing absolutely no one stepping up to the plate, or even looking as if they were considering the offer, I knew then and there that something had definitely gone wrong.

There were two distinct groups of students now from what I could tell, those that seemed to be fiddling, palming, or grasping at whatever lay hidden underneath their cloaks, and those that sat with a genuine look of defeat in their eyes.

Ilunor wasn’t _any_ of these however as the diminutive lizard seemed to have gone into a minor frenzy upon emptying the contents of his pockets onto the table. From a pocket watch to cufflinks, and an assortment of other jewels and gems that looked as if he’d recently robbed a jewelry store, it was clear he was looking for _something_. Something that I assumed both Thacea and Thalmin both already possessed, given how they both were likewise placing their hands nervously on what seemed to be a necklace for the former, and a sheathed dagger for the latter.

It was clear that Ilunor wanted to broach a question to either Thacea or Thalmin, but couldn't, given how no one in the room dared to raise their voices, not even to whisper amongst themselves. I could see what little complexion he had on his scaled cheeks drain to a ghostly pale green. I could also see that he didn’t seem to give in just yet, as he continued fumbling with pocket after pocket, all in an attempt to find whatever it was he was looking for…

The situation was beyond tense, so tense in fact that my hand had drifted purposefully towards my holstered sidearm, and my HUD was just about ready to enter tactical mode as the threat assessment training kicked in _hard_.

Mal’tory’s eyes throughout all of this remained steely and cold, shifting only after a good few minutes to the Dean as they exchanged a knowing glance. One that the blue robed Vanavan seemed to scowl at intently.

“Very well. I shall rescind the offer and begin calling out names in alphabetical-”

“Professor!” A voice emerged from one of the tables near the very front of the stage. There, a figure stood, draconic in appearance, somewhat resembling what I’d seen in artistic renditions of reptilian humanoid aliens from way back in the late 21st century. What many at the time ridiculed as being too ‘Gorn-like’, a dismissive slight that referenced the great works of old science fiction, Star Trek in this case. Regardless, this wasn’t the latex-masked or poorly rendered 3D models of some imaginary lizard… but the real deal. As a result, I could actually _tell_ that his face exuded confidence. A cautionary confidence, but confidence all the same. Which was more than I could say for the rest of the students in the room.

“Lord Qiv of Baralon-realm. You may speak.” Mal’tory’s attentions were now squarely focused on this lone student, which seemed to give the rest of the students some breathing room.

“If I may be allowed to be so brazen, I wish to accept the offer. I will be the first of my year-group to partake in the scholarly rites.” Qiv bowed immediately after giving his little speech, dipping his head low.

A small smile crept across Mal’tory’s face. Not a jovial or gleeful one, but a satisfied one. A smile you’d have at the start of a particularly satisfying performance review, a professional smile devoid of any personal or emotional investment.

“Very well Lord Qiv, please step forward.” Mal’tory responded as the reptilian moved up towards the stage. His cape swishing to his right, revealing the rich tunic and robes he had underneath, and an amulet that he continued to palm even as he marched onto the stage.

The entire room looked on in utter dread as Mal’tory placed the leather-bound case upon the floor of the stage, unbinding it with just his piercing gaze alone, opening up to reveal an old hardcover book, a quill, and a small bottle of ink that glowed _black_.

I tried adjusting my visual sensors, zooming closer into that vial of liquid that seemed to defy everything I understood about light. However as my eyes tried to fixate on the bottle of ink, the effect still remained the same. It was black, dark, yet it _glowed_ and emanated light far brighter than any candle or glowing crystal in this room.

“The Transgracian Academy for the Magical Arts acknowledges your presence, Lord Qiv Ratom of the Baralon-realm. What say you?”

“I, Lord Qiv Ratom of the Baralon-realm, recognize the enlightened and benevolent charity of the Transgracian Academy for allowing me and my line, tutelage and education within these hallowed halls.” The reptilian responded, keeping his head low throughout the entire exchange.

“The Nexus and his Holy Majesty the King to which the Gods have bestowed the authority of sovereign, compels me as his divine agent, to grant you the rights to scholarship, under the ties that bind. Do you consent, Lord Qiv Ratom?”

“I do.”

It was at this point that Mal’tory knelt down to open the leatherbound book. As he did, I saw an impossible number of pages, far greater than what should’ve been possible in that relatively small space, flip through one another, melding together like a noclip error from a videogame. It took a good few minutes of silent page flipping, with hundreds upon hundreds of pages flipped per second, before it finally landed upon a new completely empty page; still miraculously in the middle of the book.

Mal’tory stood back up, gesturing for the reptilian to kneel, which he did so without question.

“Pick up the quill, and sign your name, Lord Qiv Ratom. Afterwhich, the rights to scholarship shall be yours, and the ties that bind shall be whole.”

Despite the confidence of the reptilian, his hand clearly shook as he grabbed that quill from its case. It looked as if it was heavier than it was supposed to be too, as he used both hands to carefully guide it into the ink, electrifying the air.

The radiation levels were still hovering at around 200% above background levels, something that the suit continued to remind me with its angry alerts that I had to push to the side to avoid it obstructing my close observation of the scene currently unfolding in front of me.

There was some struggle as the reptilian carefully guided the pen from the ink bottle to the pages of the book, and despite it being practically _coated_ in the stuff, none of the ink seemed to drip. In fact, the entire quill was slowly being enveloped by the ink, stopping only at the tips of his clawed fingers as the jet-black substance seemed to ebb and flow like liquid mercury.

With both hands, and a heavy breath, the reptilian finally put the quill to paper, both of his hands struggling to even move the deceptively heavy quill around, as it looked more like he was _dragging_ it across the page, rather than _writing_ on it.

Each stroke was deliberate, each movement seemed to cause the poor student to overexert himself as his muscles strained underneath his silken tunic.

It took a solid minute, but as soon as he was done, so too did I get hit with a _wave_ of radiation.

**CRITICAL ALERT: LOCALIZED SURGE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED, 973% ABOVE BACKGROUND RADIATION LEVELS**

This time however it didn’t dissipate. In fact, the radiation levels rose higher and higher still…

**CRITICAL ALERT: LOCALIZED SURGE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED, 1415% ABOVE BACKGROUND RADIATION LEVELS**

The entire room seemed to watch on in utter silence as Vanavan’s face said it all: a look of utter dread.

It had been a full five minutes of sitting and waiting… the radiation levels pushing the limits of my suit’s passive shielding before it finally started to let up. As it dropped from 1415, back to 973, all the way down to the baseline 200% it’d been from the start.

Qiv was breathing heavily by this point, his whole body shook as he stared back up at Mal’tory, who only stared back at him with a neutral, almost casual disinterest.

Without a second for Qiv to catch his breath, Mal’tory picked up the book, raising it high for the entire room to see. Qiv’s name glowed with the same black radiance as the ink, with an admittedly more muted glow.

“Lord Qiv Ratom of the Baralon-realm, henceforth you shall be known as a peer of the Transgracian Academy. Welcome to our ranks, and may the divine guide your light.” Mal’tory spoke, before leaning in to whisper something into the lizard’s pin-like ear hole.

Similar to the previous instances of whispering up on stage, my LRLD couldn’t seem to pick up on anything. I assumed this was a result of the professors using some sort of acoustic bubble similar to what Ilunor had used prior.

“Lord Qiv Ratom, as the first of your class to volunteer for the ceremony, I deem it fit to grant you the rights to choose the next two of your peers-to-be.” The black-robed professor continued, announcing this to the whole room who were once more put up on the chopping block.

Without a second’s hesitation the lizard shot his finger out to his first pick, a bear-like student who sat near the front of the stage. “The Ursina.” He stated plainly, before narrowing his eyes in my direction, pointing directly at me. “And the Earthrealmer.”

I felt like I’d just been dealt a suckerpunch, as my heart skipped a beat. I didn’t know what the fuck was going on, but all I knew was that being exposed to _that_ much radiation was a danger, regardless of whether or not the suit could handle it.

I was spared from being the immediate next up in line however as the bear-like creature stepped forward first, crossing paths with Qiv who walked back down to take his seat. It didn’t make it any better though. I was always the type to _hate_ being the middle or the last to be called up for _anything_. It always ended up being more stressful that way.

“Uven Kroven of Alaron-realm, the Transgracian Academy for the Magical Arts acknowledges your presence. What say you?” Mal’tory spoke in the same rehearsed fashion as before. Except this time it was clear he was settling more into his role, the satisfaction and flair from Qiv’s ceremony was lost, now replaced with just plain and simple protocol.

“I, Uven Kroven of Alaron-realm, humbly submit to the benevolent and benign tutelage of the Transgracian Academy for the Magical Arts, the Nexus, and the Sovereign who reigns above us all.” The bear bowed deeply, even deeper than Qiv but eliciting less of a reaction from anyone on stage.

“The Nexus and his Holy Majesty the King to which the Gods have bestowed the authority of sovereign, compels me as his divine agent, to grant you the rights to scholarship, under the ties that bind. Do you consent, Uven Kroven?” Mal’tory replied verbatim, all without a hint of boredom, but more so with an impartial neutrality throughout it all.

“Yes.”

“Pick up the quill, and sign your name, Uven Kroven. After which, the rights to scholarship shall be yours, and the ties that bind shall be whole.” The black-robed professor spoke once more without a single hitch or variance in his speech. It definitely _was_ a ceremony. And it was clear the guy had experience with it. Maybe too much experience…

Yet unlike Qiv’s ceremony, things started to go south the moment the bear knelt down on both knees.

The quill seemed to be easier to pick up, the bear making no effort to show himself straining to lift the writing implement. The ink, whilst still glowing and spreading, didn’t _stop_ at the bear’s hand… but instead, _enveloped him entirely_. His _entire form_ turned into a silhouette of its former self, almost like I was staring at a _shadow_ of the man that had gone on stage. A shadow that still _glowed_ with that sickening aura, as the bear seemed to find no difficulty in completing the ceremony.

Unlike the strained movements, the _fight_ just to _reach_ the pages, and the deliberate strokes that Qiv had demonstrated just moments prior, the bear seemed to put pen to paper without much fuss or fanfare. In the span of a few seconds the signing was over.

A spike of radiation quickly followed as I’d expected, but it wasn’t anywhere _near_ the levels of the previous ceremony.

**CRITICAL ALERT: LOCALIZED SURGE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED, 322% ABOVE BACKGROUND RADIATION LEVELS**

In fact, it shot down as quickly as it’d gone up, returning to the baseline 200%, followed by the inky blob of a bear returning to his former form. The ink seemingly being withdrawn back into the quill, and into the pages of the book itself.

I looked around, desperate to see if anyone else was reacting to this with the same shock as I was. All I saw however were faces of defeat and dejection, like everyone was _expecting_ this.

I couldn’t stand it anymore, as I leaned over to Thacea, and whispered softly.

“What the hell’s going on?” I managed out, to which the princess seemed hesitant to reply as Mal’tory lifted the pages of the book up in the air. Once again, there was a stark difference between Qiv’s signature and Uven’s as the latter’s signature glowed brighter and with a menacing dance of colors.

“Emma, I am so sorry. If we had more time we could’ve helped prepare you for this.” The princess whispered back, her voice drenched with guilt.

“Prepare me for what? What the hell is all of this?” I shot back quickly, as the bear was starting to get up to leave the stage.

“The binding ceremony. They bind your soul to the pages of the yearbook. Lord Qiv and some of us are able to counter it unlike Uven. This… this is how the Nexus _used_ to do things. This is how the Nexus used to control the Adjacent realms. They take princes and nobles of adjacent realmers and-”

“Cadet Emma Booker of Earthrealm.” Mal’tory’s voice echoed menacingly throughout the dead silence of the room. “If you would be so kind as to not hold up the rest of the year, your presence is requested. _Now_.”

I shuddered in place at that, a knot quickly formed in my gut as I struggled to get up. If it wasn’t for the suit’s exoskeleton, I don’t even _think_ I’d be able to get up from my seat.

With a final look of utter desperation, the princess whispered to me, and forced out a smile. “I pray that this suit of yours can dispel tier 19 spells, or perhaps somehow, is able to resist it.”

My steps once more reverberated throughout the room. Except this time it felt even _louder_ given how the whole room was silent and still. Each clank was preceded by a small whirr of the motors that ran seamlessly underneath the suit, probably the first sounds of any technology more advanced than simple levers and pulleys that anyone here had heard.

It didn’t take long before I arrived on stage, and at this point I felt my whole body shaking, ready to lose what little contents I had in my stomach.

It felt _weird_ to be up here, to be the center of attention in front of not only all the faculty and students, but Mal’tory and the Dean. Their eyes seemed to be fixated on me, on my suit, and on every movement I made as the suit’s height meant that I was basically staring _down_ at them.

“Cadet Emma Booker of Earthrealm, the Transgracian Academy for the Magical Arts acknowledges your presence. What say you?” Mal’tory once more spoke, he kept that same neutral tone as before, except this time I could detect just the slightest hint of a nervous inflexion.

I didn’t know what to say. It was clear everyone else had speeches lined up for this, and every single speech had that same overtone of subservience and submission. It would be easy to just pull from what I’d heard, but that would be betraying literally everything I stood for when I put on the uniform.

I was a cadet, a member of the United Nations armed forces first and foremost. I couldn’t care less about whatever allegiances or politics this place had. This marked the first point in my entire life where my resolve would be tested, where I would prove that the vows spoken underneath the white and blue of the UN banner meant something more than just lip service.

Another thought quickly entered my head, causing me to shudder involuntarily. I knew that if push comes to shove I’d never submit. I knew that I’d rather die than submit to a foreign power.

So as the de facto representative of humanity in this strange and alien place, I couldn’t waver in my duties. I would _never_ turn my back on my country.

“I, Emma Booker, am a Cadet of the United Nations’ Armed Forces. Under the codes of conduct and articles of the United Nations’ charter for uniformed services, I will never, under good conscience and a sound mind, surrender my loyalty to my nation, my people, and the country I serve. I will partake in your ceremony as a gesture of good will and as a demonstration of the benevolent intent of my people. I will follow the rules and regulations of your academy so long as they do not conflict with the oath I have sworn to my country. I express my desires for tutelage and for scholarship here, if you would have me.” I managed out without a single stutter, surprising even _myself_ as I tried my best and tested the very limits of the IAS’ classes on diplomatic dialogue. “But do not mistake my cooperation for submission, for my loyalties lie with my nation, _always_ and _forever_.”

Mal’tory, perhaps for the very first time, stared back at me with a look of surprise, if a single raised brow could be counted as surprise that is…

The man turned back to the Dean, and once more spoke without even speaking. I saw his lips move, but I didn’t hear anything.

After a short discussion the black-robed professor turned towards me once more, and nodded.

“As your journey shall be a trial of your realm’s resolve, and considering your lack of understanding of our ways and the Nexus’ enlightened methods, I will allow this. Now, Emma Booker of Earthrealm, pick up the quill and sign your name. After which, the rights to scholarship shall be yours, and the ties that bind shall be whole.” Mal’tory spoke, gesturing for me to kneel, which I _had_ to do if I was to reach for the quill and the book.

My hand trembled as it reached for the quill, only stabilized by the suit’s onboard systems. There weren’t any warnings of radiation just yet, no localized spikes, even as I got closer and closer, until finally, I picked it up.

**CRITICAL ALERT: LOCALIZED SOURCE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED.**

**CRITICAL ALERT: OBJECT WEIGHT EXCEEDING HUMAN BIOMECHANICAL STRENGTH THRESHOLD, ACTIVE ASSISTANCE MODE ENGAGED. OBJECT WEIGHT: 100 KILOGRAMS… RECALIBRATING… 120 KILOGRAMS… RECALIBRATING… 150 KILOGRAMS… RECALIBRATING… 200 KILOGRAMS.**

Whatever the quill was, it seemed like it was acting up just as it had with Qiv. Unlike the reptilian however, I’d easily picked it up with one hand, acting as if nothing was amiss.

This shocked the entire crowd, in fact, this was the first time I’d heard a few gasps. I looked around to see the shocked expression of Vanavan, and the confused expression of the Dean.

I continued despite this, dipping the quill into the ink only to see it doing the exact same thing it had done with Qiv, as it reached my hand, and stopped. It refused to envelope me further, as it had done with the bear-like student before me.

It was at this point that I heard whispers and murmurs from the crowd, and a growing look of concern from most of the faculty, as I pressed on.

Moving the pen over to the book, I began signing in earnest, finding that the suit’s active assistance systems basically nullified any weight added on by what I assumed was magic. This made it so that signing my signature was trivial, despite the thing now weighing close to a quarter of a ton. However, as I reached the end of my signature, the thing stopped, refusing to budge as I found that the thing was _stuck_ onto the pages of the book.

**CRITICAL ALERT: LOCALIZED SURGE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED, 322% ABOVE BACKGROUND RADIATION LEVELS… 522%... 923%... 1225%... 1925%...**

The number remained just shy of 2000, before finally, it crashed, going all the way back down to the 200% before I was finally able to remove the quill.

I looked back to the crowd, who all stared back at me in utter confusion. Indeed, there was confusion all around as I felt no different than before. It was only when I saw the book did I realize why Mal’tory and the rest of the staff had been peering over each other’s shoulders to see the end result.

My name was signed, but without even the slightest hint of a glowing aura. Not even Qiv’s muted one.

The Dean stepped forward for the first time throughout all of this, as he turned to Mal’tory, speaking to him softly, and then promptly went back in line.

“Cadet Emma of Earthrealm.” Mal’tory began, refusing to lift the book for the crowd as he’d done with the previous two. “Henceforth you shall be known as a peer of the Transgracian Academy. Welcome to our ranks, and may the divine guide your light.” He concluded without much fanfare as I walked off stage, and back to my table who stared at me in utter awe, except for Thacea who smiled at me in genuine relief.

File: Wendigoon D&D/HFY Power Armor\Ch 1 - 10\6.md

[[5|Previous]] [[7|Next]]

Everyone remained completely fixated on me as I marched back toward my seat with loud, unwieldy steps. Each _clack_ of unyielding metal on hardened granite resonated across a room that seemed purposefully made to amplify every sound within it. I could practically _hear_ the micro servos and actuators as they whirred and whizzed, accompanying each and every one of my steps. It felt like the entire world had paused just so that everyone could gawk as I retook my seat, and carefully shuffled back into place.

Indeed, it was only after I’d sat back down did Mal’tory continue his announcements, his words however falling on deaf ears, as not a single soul wished to remove their piercing gazes from my suited form.

While everyone might’ve seen a stoic, unflinching, unmoving hulk of a being, completely unbothered and unphased by the events that had just transpired, things actually couldn’t be any further from the truth. I was practically _melting_ inside of the suit. Even with the coolant systems on full blast, even with my rear-facing and side-view cameras turned off, I still couldn’t shake that gut churning feeling of being the unwanted center of attention. My whole body shook with the same feeling you’d get after completely making an ass of yourself at some important social function. It was maddening and all-consuming, my spiral into the pits of utter dread was just about to take another leap… if it wasn’t for a rogue sensation on my hand. It was the unmistakable feeling of another person’s touch being transmitted via my gloves and into the undersuit beneath it. I could feel a reassuring squeeze, and the slightest bit of tickling from the feather covered appendage, which immediately clued me in to just exactly who it was that’d extended this gesture of solidarity. A gesture so sorely needed when the entire world seemed more than willing to distance itself from me.

“Emma, don’t focus on anything else, just look at me alright?” Thacea whispered softly, which was more than enough for my audio suite to enhance and isolate, as I dulled out all other sounds around the room to zero in on this one, single, point of focus.

I could only nod in response as my two opaque lenses stared back at the avian unflinchingly.

Yet despite what most would’ve seen as the unfeeling eyes of a _suit of armor_, as Ilunor had pointed out, it was clear that she saw something else. It almost felt as if she was actually looking _at_ me, making actual _eye contact_, rather than just _seeing_ me for the helmet and lenses which would’ve been a far easier thing to do.

It was then that I wished I could’ve de-tinted the damned lenses, to _actually_ **make** eye contact. I knew that it _felt_ like I was doing just that, but I wasn’t, and worse of all… I couldn’t. All Thacea could see right now were two unfeeling lenses, and I _hated_ that.

Despite all the training I received, and the _trial runs_ they’d put me through, nothing could have prepared me for what was effectively a new life in an entirely alien skin. A skin that had everything I _needed_ to survive, and _then_ some, but one that brought with it unforeseen limitations that were only now being felt.

“It’s over now.” Thacea continued, her hand squeezing my own once again, as I suddenly felt a strange warmth flooding over me.

**LOCALIZED SURGE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED, 120% ABOVE BACKGROUND RADIATION LEVELS**

“And from what I can tell, you… somehow managed to survive the binding ceremony. I… I’m relieved Emma, I really am.” Her voice sounded genuine, and for the briefest of moments I could swear I could see her royal facade yielding, even if it was just for those precious few seconds.

A quick glance from Thalmin however seemed to have shifted the mood once more, as the princess slowly pulled her hands away from me, managing to maintain that warm avian smile that slowly but surely transitioned back into the reserved, polite facade from just moments prior. “I’m just… very glad to see you’re alright, Emma.”

“Thank you.” I finally managed out through my vocoder, as the princess tilted her head forward in response, in a way that only a royal could.

“Any time.” She whispered back, before the next roster of names were called up in a group of twenty students, with Ilunor being the last on the list.

=====

**The Grand Reception Hall**

**Ilunor**

There wasn’t much that the diminutive lizard could do now to prepare for what was inevitable. No amount of searching, rummaging, and double-checking could help, not when he knew _when_ and _where_ exactly his amulet had gone missing.

_I shouldn’t have gone to that infernal servant’s hideaway, sneaking off to watch the Earthrealmer’s arrival wasn’t worth it_.

Begging wouldn’t do him any favors either, as it was clear that those that weren’t prepared for the ceremony were all unceremoniously brought up like lambs to the slaughter, regardless of their rank and station.

It was the Earthrealmer’s fault… he knew it. It was because of her that their year had been singled out like this.

Yet despite being new, despite not knowing the ways of the academy, she’d still managed to evade being bound. This fact infuriated him far more than he would ever be willing to admit.

With his fate now uncertain, Ilunor could only look on as his time as a free soul whittled away, as he saw student after student consumed one after another by the book. That damned infernal artifact finally getting its fill, with _his_ soul next in line for the chopping block.

“Lord Ilunor.” An expressionless voice echoed around the Vunerian, causing him to flick his head around in an attempt to determine its source. “You are to make your way to the coat room immediately. There, you will find what you seek. The faculty will not interfere with your temporary absence for this short duration, but you must make haste, lest you miss this golden opportunity.” The voice warned, prompting the Vunerien to turn around to everyone at the table. Not a single soul present seemed to have reacted to that voice, indicating to him that it was, indeed, the telepathic voice of some third party. A third party that had some serious sway given the magic involved in direct mental communication.

“I’ll be back. I just need to use the washroom.” Ilunor scooted backwards, promptly excusing himself much to the confused expressions of everyone at the table.

“Can he do that?” Emma inquired, with the only response from the table being Thalmin’s disinterested shrug.

=====

**The Coat Room**

**Ilunor**

Everyone _knew_ where it was, everyone _used_ its services, but no magic user: student, faculty, staff, or otherwise, would ever stoop to such a low as to enter its doors to muddy themselves with the servants that lie therein. The room was just adjacent to the Grand Hall, across in a small unmarked corridor and rarely trafficked by anyone that didn’t explicitly require the services of a servant.

The air inside was hot, heavy, and humid. The acrid smells of harsh alchemical cleaning potions and artificed steam implements dominated the air, all byproducts of an unwavering need for coats and cloaks to be made wrinkle-free in between classes and scheduled activities. Ilunor could see several of the lesser elven slaves as they marched back and forth, lugging cartload after cartload of supplies and cloaks alike, the sight alone made him gag in disgust.

He stood there for a good minute, waiting, and panting in place as the heat slowly got to him. Whoever this other person was, they were making it clear just _who_ was in control here. It was a power move to make him wait in a place like this, even more so with time rapidly running out in the Grand Hall.

Yet just as he felt his time dwindling into nothing, and just as his anxieties were ready to peak, he heard a muffled, purposeful cough. One that beckoned him forwards toward an empty clearing in a sea of moving cloths, meeting face to face with the last person he expected to be behind all of this.

A lowly lesser elf.

A creature that, despite the Vunerian’s own height-challenged stature, was barely able his waist. Dressed in nothing but what amounted to a worn-out potato sack, draping and concealing a frail emaciated body, the lesser elf looked as if he could be blown away by the smallest gust of wind.

“What is the meaning of-”

“Master Ilunor Rularia.” The lesser elf slave spoke, cutting the Vunerian off in his tracks. “I have what you seek.” The slave quickly rummaged through his hole-ridden rucksack, producing an item that was probably worth a hundred, maybe even a thousand of his kin; a medallion encrusted with diamond and sapphire that formed the centerpiece of a dazzling gold and silver bracelet.

The Vunerian reached for it instinctively, only to have the object of his desires pulled away from him. Holding onto the amulet with a vice grip, the slave shot him a glare that could only be described as predatory in nature. This completely threw Ilunor off guard, as the slave took the opportunity to continue unchallenged.

“Patience, master. A Vunerien of your caliber should understand that every exchange is a transaction is it not?” The slave shot back with the slightest hint of a cocky, confident inflexion, clashing harshly with an otherwise submissive, disheveled appearance.

“Are you trying to extort me with my own possessions, _slave_?” Ilunor finally shot back, a hiss present in his voice as he stepped forward, attempting to reassert himself in the conversation.

“Of course not master. I am simply an arbitrator returning a _misplaced_ item. It is not I who wishes for this transaction.” The slave retorted, standing perfectly still with his back completely straight, a rare if not entirely unheard of sight which sent shivers down the Vunerian’s back.

“Then who? Who in the name of the Gods and Goddesses is your puppetmaster? I _demand_ to know.” Ilunor managed out, in between a nervous tic and an enraged hiss.

“I am not privy to disclose that information, master. I am however pressed to inform you that you have less than one minute to agree to the terms set forth.”

A quick glance to the mana-based timepiece within Ilunor’s coat pocket confirmed this as he dipped his head down for the briefest of moments. “What do you want?” Ilunor sighed in defeat.

“There will be no need for any monetary or physical transactions. Merely… an agreement. One that you must accept prior to the return of your amulet.” The elf produced another object from his rucksack, a small letter sealed with a magical aura. One that, to the elf’s credit, could not be opened except for the intended receiver.

“Is this a letter of binding?” Ilunor hissed out, as the elf merely smiled in response.

“No it is not. It is merely a letter with terms and agreements you must agree to if you wish to regain possession of this amulet-”

“Enough with the games, slave, I accept!” Ilunor reached out to snatch both the letter and the amulet from his hands. He expected a wave of magic to wash over him, for the telltale signs of some binding spell to take hold of him… but nothing came. All he felt was the slight aura of a spell of discretion. What was unnerving however was how it had been penned and sealed to him so quickly. These things usually took hours, if not a full day to complete…

The spell of discretion meant that the contents of this letter was squarely between him and this mysterious _benefactor_. At least he had the comfort of knowing that this literal _blackmail_ was a confidential matter.

He would worry about it later however, for now he was satisfied, relieved by the fact that he would be spared the loss of his soul to that damned artifact. He tucked the letter into one of his pockets, and secured the amulet and its chain to his wrist.

Without even glancing back to the slave, he began taking his leave, only for the slave to leave him with a few parting words that echoed throughout the coat room. “I suggest you read that letter post-haste, but should you fail to do so, just know that your most critical task is to keep an eye on the Earthrealmer. My master shall be in touch, Lord Ilunor.”

Ilunor didn’t wish to pay the slave any more attention than had already been given as he stormed out of the coat room, sprinting his way back to the Grand Hall as he tried his very best not to overthink whatever backhanded game he was being forcefully thrust into.

=====

**The Grand Reception Hall**

**Emma Booker**

“Right, but what I don’t understand is _how_ my resistance to the soul binding ceremony is any different from your methods-”

“Because you didn’t _dispel_ the binding spell, you _resisted_ it. You resisted it even when it climbed all the way up to tier 19, something that _shouldn’t_ be possible. Mana _resistance_ at such a state is unheard of. Everyone else here has amulets of dispelling, it _dispels_ spells in their tracks before it reaches a high enough level to have an effect, while you just _ignored_ it. **That’s it**.” Thalmin responded with a rough whisper, something that I was surprised he was able to do. The man was blunt, and clearly didn’t mince his words, but I found that spoke more to his good character than anything. I’d rather have a candid and rude partner, than a polite but deceptive one any day of the week.

What little conversation we did have was cut short by Ilunor’s return. His scurrying and scampering made for a welcome break from what was becoming a depressing, morbid repetition of callousness and cruelty. Seventeen students so far had been ‘processed’ by this ceremony, and only half of them seemed to have survived ‘intact’. I tried prying more out of Thacea and Thalmin, but the pair made it clear that talking during the ceremony, especially one that was uncharacteristically timed and aggressive, wasn’t the best idea.

Ilunor’s timely arrival was quickly interrupted however by his name being called, as the Vunerian made his way up onto the stage with a renewed sense of confidence that was lacking before his trip to the washroom. Perhaps he took a swig of liquid courage, or perhaps he found whatever it was he was looking for. My scanners didn’t detect anything new about him however, but then again, it seemed to have difficulty picking up the magical artifacts that Qiv, Thacea, and Thalmin seemed to have on them; these so-called ‘amulets of dispelling’.

I knew however, that it would only be a matter of time before I’d be able to sniff out these artifacts more effectively than an e-hound tracking down cargo at a spaceport. It was just a waiting game now, of exposing my EVI to more and more datasets to aggregate and analyze. The intricacies behind the program was way above my paygrade, but the EVI was described to me as a ‘mobile lab’, a program whose sole purpose was to make sense of the fantasy around me. It was to constantly monitor, running idly in the background of my suit’s systems like some creepy UNCIA-grade software constantly monitoring every little sensor module the team had tacked onto my suit, as it carved out its observations of the world around me in a way that I just wasn’t qualified enough to do.

At least that’s what the eggheads back at the IAS told me. Indeed, they had entire lectures on how the suit’s deep-learning program worked, but a lot of the stuff just flew over my head. I wasn’t a computer engineering prodigy after all, let alone a leading AI specialist.

Regardless, what they taught me was at least enough to grasp the basics of it, enough that I would be able to troubleshoot it if anything went wrong. Couple this with the manuals and instruction booklets they downloaded to my local library, and I was confident that when the time _did_ come, I would be able to use this overly engineered program to the best of my abilities. Especially when it came to the potential for sciencing the shit out of this _magic_ business.

They explicitly went out of their way to remind me that it _wasn’t_ a true AI however. An understandable distinction to make given how almost everyone was still uneasy about the topic, especially after what happened during the Charon Innovations incident.

AI or not, I was glad that there was at least a backup in case a proper line of communication back home wasn’t viable. At least this way there was still some way to scientifically break down the mysteries of this place.

I tapped my head a few times to see if the program was running, which of course, it was. It’d been gathering data from before I even entered the portal. I made sure it was paying close attention now as I watched Ilunor’s ceremony commence, and I once again settled into that anxious anticipation to see if we’d be spending the rest of the year with a zombie, or the same rude lizard that I’d come to resent.

Come to think of it, maybe a soulbound zombie would be a marginal improvement for the Vunerian…

The seconds ticked by as Mal’tory repeated the exact same words he had done for the past half hour or so now. The real test however was when Ilunor reached for the quill and…

Found it basically impossible to lift.

A wave of relief washed over me, but I knew he wasn’t out of the woods yet. The diminutive lizard took a few good minutes to slowly lift the quill into the ink bottle, repeating the same scene as Qiv and the other amulet-wielding students had done before finally, ending it with the exact same motions. With a full five minutes of struggling just to etch his name into the paper, and a prolonged burst of mana, the lizard had completed the ritual.

Looking back towards Thacea and Thalmin, it was clear that the lizard had done it. Indeed, it became clear to me now that the rest of the ceremony would just be a repeat of the same nail-biting experiences for every student. However, because our group seemed to all have their amulets at the ready, I rested easy knowing that we were safe from this whole binding ritual.

Indeed, as the hours went by, and Thalmin’s turn was up it looked as if the whole drama with the ceremony was coming to an end. The Lupinor prince’s ceremony was practically identical to Ilunor’s, Qiv’s, and every other amulet-wielding student. There was no doubt in my mind Thacea would fall into this same pattern.

At least, that’s what I thought until the avian stepped up to the plate.

The ceremony started out simply enough, Mal’tory repeating his vows, and Thacea giving her small little speech on her place here at the academy. It was only when she knelt down to the floor however did things start to noticeably shift.

“Tainted one. Do you understand your presence here defiles the hallowed halls of this great academy? That your vessel acts as a shell for a great evil which lurks within your soul? Do you understand that as your Professors, we are obligated to act in your best interest, and should you succumb to your evils and vices, we shall have no choice but to strike you down, condemning your soul to eternal captivity within the tainted vaults of the Nexus?”

My eyes went wide at this, as I was tempted to stand up from my seat, only to have the Lupine hold me in place. The man glared at me, forcing me to relent. I could’ve easily overpowered him of course, but this entire situation was too sensitive for me to intervene with a simple wave of a pistol. I had to keep watching, but my hand never left the butt of my gun.

“I do, your grace.” Thacea dipped her head low, far lower than any other student had done thus far, so low in fact that I could’ve sworn she was kissing Maltory’s feet.

A feeling of abject disgust filled me.

“Then sign your name and be done with this ceremony. Prove to us here and now that the taint has not corrupted your soul.” Mal’tory continued, handing her another quill from within his cloak.

The avian complied unquestioningly, and as she touched the quill a surge of mana radiation bellowed out, causing my alarms to blare with an entirely _new_ warning.

**ALERT: UNSTABLE SURGE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED: 593% ABOVE BACKGROUND RADIATION LEVELS… WARNING ANOMALY DETECTED… RECALIBRATING… RECALIBRATING… ERROR! DETECTING 29 + 1 DISTINCT TYPES OF MANA-RADIATION.**

My eyes grew wide at that as I ripped the datapad from my backpack and began running diagnostics. I ignored the ceremony, ignored the world around me as I rushed to see if this was even possible. The error messages were popping up everywhere now, so I did the only thing I knew might just work.

A hard reboot.

**REBOOTING… REINITIALIZING… SCANNING… ALERT: UNSTABLE SURGE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED: 795% ABOVE BACKGROUND RADIATION LEVELS.**

I ran another diagnostics check, which revealed… nothing. It was as if the error was just that, an error. There were no anomalies detected, no new mystery mana-radiation that was unaccounted for. I chalked it up to just the system being as new to this place as I was, so there were more than likely plenty of bugs to be had within the code that needed to be patched.

At least, that’s what I _hoped_ as I continued running diagnostic after diagnostic, all reaching the same conclusion.

If it _had_ been a new type of radiation. I’d be a pile of liquefied human now… right?

Thacea’s ceremony continued despite my panicked worries, and to my horror I also saw _steam_ emerging from the stage. Zooming in closer, the steam seemed to have been localized to the hand she currently held the quill with.

This wouldn’t last for long however before she too managed to sign the book.

However, similar to my own ceremony, Mal’tory refused to pick up the book to display it back to the crowd. He simply kept it there, as the Dean took a good look at it and nodded in approval.

“Princess Thacea Dilani of Aetheronrealm, henceforth you shall be known as a peer and a ward of the Transgracian Academy. Welcome to our ranks, and may the divine guide your light.” The Princess nodded, her whole body shaking as she didn’t immediately leave the stage, instead being ushered towards the red-robed professor from before who casted a spell on her injured hand which glowed a brilliant green.

**LOCALIZED SURGE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED, 350% ABOVE BACKGROUND RADIATION LEVELS**

The older woman smiled and patted the princess on the head, before wrapping her hand up in a bandage and sending her back to our table. It was clear this entire ordeal had taken a lot out of the princess. So now, it’d be my turn to be the one giving her the reassurances she sorely needed.

File: Wendigoon D&D/HFY Power Armor\Ch 1 - 10\7.md

[[6|Previous]] [[8|Next]]
Thacea’s return was marked by a similar reception I had just experienced not a few hours prior. However, instead of bewildered and confused expressions, what I mostly saw were looks of utter disgust and abject horror. It was as if they were staring at some unseen monster hovering _above_ Thacea, rather than her actual form. Having seen behind-the-scenes productions of heavily CGI-laden films, it looked as if they were all staring at a monster or a ghostly apparition that would be added later in post. Except this wasn’t a film set, nor was it fiction. All of this, every second of every minute of this situation I found myself thrust into, was real. So I had to assume there was some _reason_ behind them staring _above_ her, rather than _at_ her.

Despite all of this I ignored the crowds and the rest of the room, as my whole world was once more squarely placed on the avian. My first action as she sat back was to make sure she was alright as I reached out my hands towards hers, mirroring the same comforting gesture she’d done for me. There wasn’t any sense of obligation, nor any sense of debt being repaid here. It was an outright sense of genuine empathy and compassion that just felt right to do.

“Thacea? Are you alright? Are you hurt?” I spoke, as my hands came into contact with her own. This clearly elicited some sort of a reaction as the avian’s feathers puffed up for the briefest of moments.

“I’m quite alright Emma, please, there is no need to bring more attention to this situation then there needs to be.” She spoke in that same polite, admittedly aloof tone that I’d come to expect from royalty after binging shows like Inside The Palace and The Crown IX.

“Are you sure, you’re sure? Because I-”

“Princess.” Thalmin leaned in close for a whisper, completely cutting me off, as he elicited Thacea’s full attention. The princess cocked her head towards him in an almost pigeon-like manner in response. “Your mana-_miasma_ is _showing_. Please keep it under control while we are still in public.”

The Princess seemed to be even more visibly shaken by this as she nodded sheepishly, closing her eyes and clenching her fists tight.

“What-” I attempted to speak, but was shushed by the Lupine who continued to watch the Princess with great intent.

“Are you _blind_, Earthrealmer?” Ilunor suddenly snapped at me as it was clear there was _something_ else going on here. Something that my radiation scanners simply wasn’t picking up.

“I… I’m not following.” I replied plainly, turning to Ilunor with an unamused frown hidden under my helmet.

“Play dumb, just play dumb Earthrealmer, it’s sure to get you places.” The lizard continued, prompting me to suppress any and all desires to punt him across the room. “I’ll bite, I’ll appease this little game of innocence and wanton lack of situational awareness. The Princess, just look at her.” He pointed to Thacea. “Her mana-field, you see it, or heck if you’re one of the _lesser_ species, you can still _feel_ it can’t you? That radiance? The multicolored glow? Now, look _above_ that, don’t you see the _darkness_? The _shadows_? Yes Earthrealmer, look, _look_, you see it now? Do you _feel_ the ice cold sensation on your skin when you stare at it long enough?” Ilunor’s words were even _more_ spiteful than before.

It once again took everything within me to not ruin his day, or perhaps his semester for good, but self control was vital… I had to _empathize_. The man _did_ almost get soul-bound or whatever. There was latent stress here, so I _got_ it. In fact, quite ironically, this was the most solid piece of intel I got so far on this _taint_ situation. So maybe I had to _thank_ the lizard for his blunt explanation. Not that I would of course. This was far from a thank you sort of situation. The IAS’ self-control and situational awareness classes were _really_ coming in handy now.

“Alright.” I responded simply, nodding, without really expressing myself in any other way. Looking back at Thalmin and Thacea, the wolf seemed to be eying this invisible mana-field taint with great intensity. The princess, for what it was worth, seemed to be in deep concentration, her face similar to someone trying their best to calm down from a panic attack.

I didn’t want to interfere just yet, not when it was clear that both Thacea and Thalmin seemed to be in the middle of getting whatever this was under wraps. So I shifted my gaze back onto the stage. Or rather, I turned on one of my helmet’s side-view cameras, so that I could see both Thacea and the stage simultaneously.

With no further names being called I had expected the faculty and professors to have shuffled away, but they didn’t. In fact, they continued to remain on stage as it seemed as if they were preoccupied with the book.

The book was brought to the very center of the stage and placed on a stark-white plinth which glowed brilliantly. The professors quickly crowded around it in a perfect circle, proceeding to whisper amongst themselves as they discussed the pages in length, flipping through each one, pointing and violently tapping at a few. This seemed to cause Thacea increasing anxiety as evidenced by her shaking form, but I held my hand firm against hers, squeezing it gently.

“Hey, it’s fine. It’s over alright? Your magic thing probably did the trick, I’m sure of it.” I spoke, confident, yet clearly lacking in the ability to really say anything for certain. This seemed to calm the Princess down somewhat, as her feathers flattened, and her expression softened.

Thalmin moved away for a moment, his eyes narrowing just above Thacea, and nodded.

“Alright, you’re fine. I can’t see any more of the taint.” He eyed me, then Thacea, and seemed to do a quick double-take. “Just don’t let the Earthrealmer become your anchor, Princess. I suppose this is just a coincidence but, I’d recommend personal due diligence.” Thalmin spoke with a certain level of concern, as the Princess reciprocated with a heady nod.

“I have my own training, Thalmin, thank you. There’s no need for speculation or overanalysis. This was just an outlier of a situation, and it’s now over. Let us focus instead on what’s to come.” The Princess gestured at the stage, yet made no effort to remove her hand from my own.

“Anchor?” I parroted back, garnering a masked look of embarrassment from Thacea as she moved to speak but was cut off by a loud, booming voice from the stage. The professors were clearly done deliberating, and the book now placed back into its unassuming container.

“With the rites of scholarship completed, and the ties having successfully been bound, it is time for orientation to commence.” Mal’tory spoke, taking a few steps back further and further into the crowd of professors, before disappearing entirely from view. A spike of mana-radiation proved that _something_ mana-related had happened, what I would assume was some sort of a teleportation spell.

The Dean finally stepped forward after being in Mal’tory’s shadow for most of the ceremony. He stood tall, confident, unshaken by the recent turn of events and maintained that reassuring smile he held throughout everything. “With the recent unexpected developments involving the ceremony, it will be reassuring to know that scarcely anything has changed for the orientation. So let us begin. This great day of matriculation marks the first steps into your grand adventure into the world of the magical arts. As is customary however, a grace period of five days is provided between the moment you pass through the portals and the day your first classes start. The Academy is nothing if not concerned about the health and safety of our students, and we understand that with the disparate mana-potentials of each realm, a period of adjustment is required before we begin any magical studies in any meaningful capacity. So consider your next five days a period of respite.”

“Mana-sickness exists, no matter what your parents have told you.” The Red robed professor piped up from the back row. “There is no richer concentration of mana than the Nexus, so your mana-fields will need time to adjust. Common symptoms of acute mana-field adjustment sickness include nausea, vomiting, dizziness, intermittent loss of consciousness, and profound precognition. But this should pass in about 3-4 days. You are after all, the best of the best. That’s why your realms sent you. So your mana-field resilience is not in question. Still, I recommend none of you treat this as a competition. There is no great honor in comparing mana-field adaptability. Any activities which misappropriates the Academy’s on-site mana-pool for the purposes of childish escapades will be punished severely. Now, I’ll let our great Dean continue.”

“Thank you, Professor Belnor.” The Dean nodded graciously at the red robed professor. “Now, onto more pertinent matters. As all of you may already know, we have a total of 4 houses within the Academy, and unlike what most may claim, every house is on equal footing to win the Annual House Cup. So do not be discouraged on which house you are assigned to. House sorting will commence within the end of the 5-day grace period with a series of trials which shall be specified within the coming days. After which, you shall remain in your assigned house until the end of the academic year, where you have the ability to change houses should you wish to do so. Now, each House consists of 5 peer-groups. Each peer-group consists of 4-5 individuals per group. Those seated at your tables will be your peer-groups for the entirety of your 5 years at the academy. This will not be changed, barring _exceptional_ circumstances.”

The Dean took a moment to clear his throat, before continuing. “With House matters out of the way, let us move to matters of accommodations and quality of life. Each peer-group shall be assigned a single dormitory, each dormitory shall consist of at least 2-3 bedrooms. Dormitories are assigned at random per peer-group, and students are encouraged to arrange matters of in-dorm room assignments on their own. The faculty respects the right to personal autonomy and decision making of all students after all.”

I couldn’t believe I was hearing _that_ from the mouth of a man who had just _soul-bound_ a quarter of the students in the room. The fact he was saying it with such… _sincerity_ as well bothered me more than it should have.

“You can expect no less than 3 meals a day, you may choose to eat in the dining hall, or choose from a selection of room-serviced partial course meals with the exception of weekday lunches. Additional food services however shall be available around the clock, such is the privilege expected for the best and brightest in the Nexus and Adjacent realms.”

Now _this_ was certainly an upgrade from what I expected of college life…

“Now onto academic matters. As Year 1 students, your curriculum is primarily focused around magic-theory. However, practical application is _still_ expected, and will be part of your passing criterion on your tests and examinations. As first-years, your classes shall be taught in the Grand Lecture Halls, as all students will follow the same schedule and core subjects. Electives are commonly started in the second year and are not recommended for First Years, however, should you believe yourself capable, you are free to inquire about the addition of electives anytime during the first semester. First years will have a total of two teaching blocks per day, one in the morning and one in the afternoon. Though an extra third teaching block for night-time magic lessons will be necessary for a few classes. There are ten subjects you will have to master in your first year: _Magic Theory_ and _Mana-field Studies_ taught by Professor Vanavan, _Nexus_ and _Adjacent Realm History and Politics_ taught by Professor Articord, _Potions Theory_, _Potions Crafting_, and _Healing Magic_ taught by Professor Belnor, _Mana-Field Perception_ and _Light-Magic Theory_ taught by Professor Mal’tory, and finally _Physical Education_ taught by Professor Chiska.” The Professors in question stepped forward. Vanavan I’d already met, the blue robed professor. Same went for Professor Belnor, the red-robed professor. However Professor Chiska and Articord were new.

Articord looked to be a fox-like creature, as far as I could tell at least given her robes covered most of her snouty face. Chiska however was… honestly what I expected of a magical PE teacher. First of all, she was a literal cat-person. Secondly, her robes were tailored in such a way that she could easily jump from the stage and straight up to the chandeliers if she wanted to. In addition, she was also the _only_ professor present to be beaming out a wide, welcoming smile to all the students. Vanavan smiled too of course, but his was too polite of a smile to be compared to the likes of Chiska.

_I liked her already._

“It will not surprise most of you to know that the Academy does not allow you to return to your respective realms over the Summer or Winter holidays.” The Dean continued, eliciting a few tired sighs from the crowd that were quickly silenced by a short shush from the red-robed professor. “You will, however, be able to return for a total of 3 weeks in the transition period between end of Year 1 and the start of Year 2. Provided of course that you _do_ pass the course. If not, you shall remain here for remedial courses, but that shall be a topic of discussion for another time.” The Dean paused as if to emphasize his point, before moving on just as quickly.

“Your summer and winter holidays shall instead consist of community service. As graduates of the Transgracian Academy we pride ourselves not only in the understanding of the fine arts, but likewise its practical implementation in real world situations. We must understand the people we preside and rule over, and as a result, we require at least 200 hours of active service in the guilds and adventuring halls in the lands of the Nexus. Here, you will put into practice your theory and training amongst the honorable, chivalrous, and reputable heroes which grace our lands. There are no restrictions as to the utilization of your magical arts during these 200 hours. We wish to see students demonstrate their magical and martial potential to the best of their abilities. Nothing is off limits, save for loyalty to the crown of course, but that goes without saying.” The Dean paused, as if waiting for one of the professors to interject.

To which the excitable Chiska, did without any prompting. “And I’ll be in charge of the community service and outreach program! So if any of you kids want to get a head-start, feel free to drop by my office! I have a _large_ portfolio of guild halls, adventuring parties, and **more**, scattered across at least 2700 out of the 3579 Kingdoms, Duchies, Principalities, Leagues, and Empires of the Nexus! So there’s definitely something for everyone! Ever wanted to sail the 900 seas to slay a great leviathan of the waves? Now you can! Ever wanted to do the Crown’s work and eliminate a rogue wizard gathering forces for a rebellion? Well here’s your chance! Ever wanted to just slay a dragon?” The whole room went quiet at that, a few students even admonishing this very notion amongst themselves. “I’m serious, it’s been over 2000 years since our last dragon slayer, and I’ll be damned if I end my tenure without presiding over at least _one_ more!” The Professor continued. “It takes a special person to slay a dragon, and I can name all of the 98 alumni who have, off the top of my head. Each of them have become legends not just within the Academy’s walls, but beyond. So if you want to join the gilded alumni of the Academy, this is also your chance!” The professor’s attitude remained that same jovial, excitable one throughout, only pausing just for a moment to lower her voice in a clear attempt to emphasize this next point. “Also, if you’re in a bit of a tough spot with your grades, this may just be the thing to pick it up, just saying…” She spoke with a wink. “Anyways, the possibilities are endless! So if you ever want to get a head start on your summer and winter outreach programs, feel free to drop by my office anytime!” The cat spoke, or rather, _shouted_, brimming with _infectious_ energy.

“Thank you, Professor Chiska. Your enthusiasm for our community outreach programs have never been in question, so please, there is nothing to prove _now_.” The Dean finally interjected, as he cleared his throat. “Now, I understand that some students are on the less adventurous side of things. We have local outreach programs to our neighboring town of Elaseer, where less adventurous opportunities such as bookkeeping and skilled apprenticeship opportunities are plentiful.”

_Ah, so_ _**there**_ _it is. The_ _**easy**_ _way out to the more posh and spoiled of the student roster. I guess I half expected that_.

The Dean glanced back towards Vanavan, nodding once before turning back to the crowd to continue. “All students are reminded that despite classes not officially starting until the end of the five day grace period, that there are still tasks that must be completed beforehand. A letter detailing all of these tasks shall be handed out to you shortly. However, I am pressed to inform you that tomorrow shall be the titular weapons inspection day. So for those of you who have crossed the portal dressed in ceremonial garb armed with ceremonial weapons, you have until the stroke of midnight tomorrow to declare your weapons and have them assessed by the school’s armorer.”

A genuine sense of concern flooded me at that announcement. Whilst the IAS’ plan did include divulging the existence of my sidearm as a ceremonial weapon, the extent to which I had to explain, or perhaps even _demonstrate_ it was not discussed in the sparse instructions we received from the Academy before my arrival. Indeed, like most of the intel we were fed from the Nexus, it was written with no elaboration. I guess this was where my _personal initiative_ came in.

This concludes the orientation. All students shall now be permitted to retire to their dorms as they please, or stay for the late-night banquet!”

With those parting words, the stage simply _vanished_, there wasn’t even a goodbye, a bow, or anything. What was once a solid structure of marble and granite simply disappeared, replaced by the same bare walls and large floor to ceiling windows that had been there prior to its apparition. I could review the logs, see if my sensors corroborated what I saw, but at this point I couldn’t give another fuck about this place’s shenanigans.

I was tired, and I could feel the last of my brain cells starting to fade into nothing as I felt as if an entire edition’s worth of DnD of material had been crammed down my throat in a matter of hours. Food sounded great at this point as I saw platters of cloch-covered dishes arrive at our table in a grand display of opulence.

Each domed cloche was polished to perfection, so much so that I could see my reflection off of all these surfaces. A quick scan revealed no magic was involved, so this _must_ have taken some serious work to prepare.

With a swift removal of each of the cloches by the likes of Thalmin, whose maw had begun to hang open wildly, we were greeted to an array of dishes that belonged not just in a Michelin star restaurant but an honest to god actual state dinner.

From a beautifully seared sea bass with crispy skin drizzled in herbaceous chili oil, to steaks that had been beautifully cut and seared to perfection dripping in a mixture of its own juices and some red-wine reduction, to the centerpiece of it all… a massive turkey whose skin was browned to perfection. A verifiable garden’s worth of grilled vegetables marinated in the turkey’s juices surrounded it like a work of art. Each vegetable hung on its own little tiered platter and _spun_ slowly in place.

I instinctively took in a deep breath, expecting to take in the familiar and new aromas, my mind expecting the cold evening nights just before Christmas with those roast dinners, or the family gatherings on Thanksgiving with the sumptuous smells of root vegetables, herbs, and turkey blending together…

I expected so much.

But all I got was filtered air, the same filtered air I had been breathing since I put on the suit.

My heart practically _dropped_. I felt my whole body violently _rejecting_ what I was sensing as I felt the olfactory equivalent of vertigo. I was _seeing_ the food in front of me, but I couldn’t _smell any of it_. I took another deep breath out of _spite_, and smelled that same filtered air, the same air you’d find within the pressurized hull of an aircraft or a spaceplane.

I stared at the food once more, this time in a fit of anger and frustration, as Thacea seemed to have taken it upon herself to serve me a sampler platter of all of the bountiful masterpieces right in front of me. I looked down in utter dejection, holding a fork in my hand, and picking up that _delectable_ slice of turkey, only to place it back down on the table.

“Is the food not to your liking, Emma? I understand sometimes cuisines from other realms may be quite different.”

“It’s not that.” I answered back meekly.

“Oh? Is it- Ah…I… My sincerest apologies Emma I-” The princess suddenly caught on to my _situation_. Probably remembering what I casually told her about my… _condition_. I couldn’t blame her though. It’s not like she had any social training for table manners with a human wearing power armor to a magic school.

“It’s fine. It’s fine… It’s not your fault.” I tried to reply back politely as I rummaged through one of my pouches, producing a small tube of nutripaste that I glared with a level of disdain I’d never felt before in my entire life. “I packed my own dinner…”

_I could really go dragon hunting right to relieve some stress right about now._

File: Wendigoon D&D/HFY Power Armor\Ch 1 - 10\8.md

[[7|Previous]] [[9|Next]]

Things progressed rather quickly after the end of the orientation. In fact, a lot of things seemed to have been expedited for the sake of getting us out of the dining hall and into our dorms as quickly as possible; all without actually _saying_ it of course. The lights around us slowly dimmed after the first few courses of food were served, and as the desserts finally came through, so too did these individualized letters arrive on similarly posh silver platters. Each letter was sealed in an envelope that was custom made for each of us, with different colors, designs, and even a custom wax seal that I’d only seen on period-dramas and movies. My letter however was particularly bland, a starch-white paper that was devoid of any detailing or embellishments, save for my name written on it in stunning cursive and capped off with a plain, unmarked wax seal.

Thacea seemed to have taken notice of my hesitation with the letter, as everyone else had already started unsealing them and reading the contents within. “Do not think much of the lack of sigils and regalia, Emma. You’re a newrealmer, so a lack of any identifying markings is to be expected. With time, as the Academy learns more about you, your customs, your people, and your house, I’m more than certain that you will find such official correspondences to be tailored to fit your personal honor.” The avian attempted to reassure me, completely missing the point, but much to her credit reinforcing my assumptions of the Academy.

This place wanted to extract as much intel out of me as I was planning to do from _it_. Things were bound to evolve into an interesting game of cat and mouse, but first, I wanted to see what awaited me inside of this mystery envelope.

After unsealing the wax, I was met with a high quality parchment with what I assumed was the Academy’s insignia at its header: two keys crossed diagonally with a wand and book superimposed in the middle, mimicking the titular medieval heraldry of a sword and shield. Within the letter were the contents of the entire orientation summed up in a mini-syllabus, which puzzled me as there didn’t seem to be any new information within the lone piece of A4 parchment. That was, until my finger had traced down to the bottom of the letter, at which point the meticulously crafted calligraphy of the page suddenly _melted_.

**LOCALIZED SOURCE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED, 200% ABOVE BACKGROUND RADIATION LEVELS**

The text that had been written in what I assumed was ink simply dematerialized, _then melted_, before reforming into new letters and words like an unnecessarily complicated slide transition on a PowerPoint presentation. Eventually forming an entirely new page of information.

“Heh, surprised Earthrealmer?” Ilunor suddenly piped up after noticing my extended staring. I didn’t know how else he would’ve gauged my reaction given the helmet, so this was more than likely just a provocation made out of spite or some underlying prejudice. I half expected this though given his _attitude_ from before.

“What about?” I snapped back, too tired to argue, but also too annoyed to really let that comment slide.

“You know, I understand the desire to save face. I really do. But you don’t really need to do so in front of us. We’re your _peer group_ after all, and it’s important for us to know what you have and what you lack in your realm. Newrealmers are generally more… _**primitive**_ in their predispositions. Seeing text _move_ across parchment must be new to you… indeed, seeing the written word at all must be an entirely new concept for most of your kind for sure.” The diminutive lizard spoke with that same inflated sense of self worth and ego. One that I couldn’t help but to narrow my eyes at despite knowing it wouldn’t be picked up by anyone around me, let alone the lizard.

It was at this point that I had a choice to make.

I either ignored the discount kobold and continued on reading. Or, I smacked him upside the head with my data-tab just to show him just what _moving text_ actually looked like. The latter would’ve been quite effective too, given the fact that I was assigned a milspec data-tab. So unlike most tablets in the commercial market that prioritized sleekness, thinness, and style all the while sacrificing resilience, milspec tablets still very much resembled the bulky electronic hardware of the 28th, 25th, 23rd, heck, even the early 21st century. It was designed with ruggedness and survivability in mind, so I knew that smacking the lizard upside the head with it would certainly do more damage to _him_ than the tablet itself.

I decided on a compromise however, as I wordlessly grabbed my tablet from my belt, turned it towards the lizard, and began scrolling through some of the open tabs I had. Making sure the screen was set to maximum brightness on light mode, and to scroll as fast as possible as tens of pages flew by with each flick of my finger.

I only did this for a short moments to prove my point of course, but the reaction I garnered from Ilunor was nothing short of worth it.

His mouth hung agape, his pupils constricted from the blinding light, as his whole body seemed to tense as he tried to speak but found himself unable to do so. Stuttered words emerged from his gaping maw, but all of them were quickly shushed by the likes of Thalmin who seemed more annoyed by the lizard’s antics than anything.

“B-but the Earthrealmer, they, that… what… what was… that’s not… they’re not supposed to have-”

“What? Just spit it out or I’ll bite you.” Thalmin growled, as he and Thacea seemed to be too preoccupied with the contents of their own letters to have paid my little interaction with Ilunor any mind.

After recovering from that brief exchange with a triumphant chuckle underneath my helmet, I began combing through the letter for all of the unspoken announcements alluded to during the orientation. What was highlighted above all else however were three, quite understandably, important topics.

**Dormitory Assignment: Dragon’s Heart Tower, Level 23, Residence 30.**

**Weapons Inspection: Conducted by School Blacksmith and Armorer Professor Rowan Heart, at the North Field Proving Grounds, by the stroke of Midnight tomorrow.**

**House Assignments: Conducted by Professor Altalan Rur Astur, Professor Vanavan, and Professor Mal’Tory, location to be determined. No preparations required. Details will be posted to your dorms on the 4th day of the Grace Period.**

Both the Weapons Inspection and House Assignments worried me greatly.

The former was tricky, as on one hand it could be a solid show of force for humanity, which seemed to be sorely needed in an Academy clearly designed to force the upper echelons of the other realms to bend the knee. However on the other hand it could lead to unforeseen consequences, most concerning of which was losing the element of surprise in the case I needed to use it, or worse yet, outright technological theft. I’d have to sleep on it… but suffice it to say, even though my pistol was relatively obsolete by modern standards, it was still leagues beyond whatever this place had.

The latter announcement on House Assignments however was a complete mystery, and whilst it gave me bad vibes, I knew I’d have to rely on the likes of Thacea and Thalmin to fill me in on what to expect. It was clear they had prior knowledge of Academy life, so they’d be a vital resource to rely on. I’d worry about that later.

The other details listed in the letter were rather mundane, and relatively benign: school supply procurements, uniform tailoring, as well as other assorted details including the schedule for the first semester and the names and offices of all professors assigned to Year 1 students.

To be honest I was getting tired by this point as the only thing keeping me up was the latent effects of adrenaline coursing through my veins.

It was clear everyone else at the table shared a similar sentiment as yawns and half-lidded eyes abounded all around me. This prompted someone to finally mention the possibility of retiring for the night.

“Well if there isn’t anything else we have to do, let’s get moving. We have a new home to look forward to, and we still have to decide on sleeping arrangements.” Thalmin spoke, taking charge as he stood up.

Ilunor followed suit, as he glanced towards Thacea. “Let’s just hope our dorm is one of the three-bedroom variety, and not two, because I’d hate to force anyone here to room with our _tainted_ Princess.” He spoke, in a surprisingly calm manner which really clued me in as to how he perceived Thacea. If he could discriminate this passively, then the whole taint discrimination must really run _deep_. “Even you, Earthrealmer.” He turned towards me. “As much as I find your presence aggravating, I’d rather a quick and proper death than one by inadvertent and unexpected taint consumption.”

I ignored the discount kobold once again as all four of us finally made our way out of the Grand Hall and out into the castle proper.

=====

**En Route to the Dorms**

The journey up and towards the dorms was one that I’d _definitely_ need the suit’s footage for a deeper analysis later on. There was no way I could remember every twist and turn, every hallway and corridor, every stairway and stairwell, every side passage and connecting room that led us to where we found ourselves now. Indeed, I wasn’t surprised that Ilunor had practically _begged_ me to carry him the rest of the way, as his little lizard legs were clearly not built for scaling the lengths and heights of this verifiable castle of a school.

I refused to oblige of course.

Until, suddenly, the comparatively small thing all but gave up on walking. Which forced me to bridal carry him the rest of the way towards the dorms.

Instead of being happy with the service I’d freely offered him however, he started to wheeze and whine with even _more_, stirring up my already frayed nerves like a child poking at a big cat enclosure at a zoo. He wasn’t satisfied with the way I was carrying him, for in his own words, being carried like a sack of potatoes _‘wasn’t “becoming” of a noble and being of his standing’_. I told him I couldn’t give less of a crap about his _standing_, and that his little legs barely gave him anything to stand on. The lizard however refused to listen, and instead took it upon himself to rectify this injustice without a chance for me to argue.

He scurried up and around my arms, scaling me like some sort of an unruly house cat, before finding himself perched up on my shoulders. However, instead of draping himself across them like a scarf the way my cat usually did, he instead decided to ride me like some glorified jockey, with his legs dangling from my shoulders and his arms firmly cinched up against the chin of my helmet.

I would’ve been worried about the helmet slipping off if it wasn’t for the 3 layered hermetic seal and maglocks which kept it tightly affixed to the rest of my armor.

The whole affair was somewhat demeaning, and kind of humiliating when you looked at it from an outsider’s perspective, but I really couldn’t care less at that point. I was tired, and at least _this_ kept the lizard’s mouth shut as we made our final approach towards our dorm.

Even Thacea and Thalmin refused to comment. Either out of pity for the lizard or out of respect for me having to deal with him.

=====

**Dragon’s Heart Tower, Level 23, Residence 30.**

I didn’t know what I was expecting with the accommodations. To be honest, that was the last thing on my mind given the non stop barrage of stressful circumstances that had come to dominate the majority of my evening.

A part of me was excited for it though. It was the same intrusive part of my mind that still wanted to see this place for what it clearly wasn’t: a fantasy. Images conjured up from years of hyperfixations on novels detailing the fantastical accommodations in magically inclined schools certainly didn’t help matters.

As a former college student I didn’t have high hopes for ‘dorm life’. As an _academy_ student however, the possibilities were endless.

Any and all expectations were thrown completely out of the window as the double doors opened, revealing a room that immediately struck me as a design pulled straight out of a 5 star suite in some heritage building dating back to pre-20th century vintage.

The double doors gave way to a small hallway which opened up to a living room four, maybe even five times the size of my aunt’s New York City apartment in the heart of the Acela Corridor. Windows that looked more at home in a cathedral dominated the majority of the living space, which was otherwise centered around a fireplace that roared to life as soon as the doors behind us closed shut. A series of sofas, lounge chairs, bookcases, and coffee tables adorned the oak, timber, and granite tiled floors. This complemented what I could only describe as a mix of wood framed wall panels with white accents that felt somewhat precarious when considering that the fireplace ever so often emitted embers that floated high up to the roof.

That was another thing I needed to mention right off the bat…

The fucking ceilings.

Most apartments in the Acela Corridor, the combined megacity that was New York, New Jersey, Boston, Washington DC and Baltimore, had a maximum ceiling height of about 9 feet. You’d be lucky to find a place with ceilings that high in fact, but my Aunt was lucky enough to have inherited a legacy apartment dating back to the late 21st century.

The ceiling in this “dormitory”? It went up a good 14, maybe even _20_ feet. It actually sort of angled inwards towards a rectangular point, which was more than likely the underside of a roof, meaning we were at the very top floor of one of the castle’s towers.

The ceiling tapered up towards these open wood-frame support beams and struts that back on Earth could’ve housed an entire colony of pigeons. Indeed, my overactive imagination conjured up thoughts of Thacea perching upon it given her avian form, a thought which would’ve made me chuckle wildly if not for how awestruck I was from the grandeur of this place.

Yet as stunned and in awe as I was, the rest of my peers seemed to walk right through the space without paying much mind, as if it was just another room to them.

“What a dump…” Ilunor muttered under his breath, scampering off of my shoulders and back onto his feet. Which surprised me not because he’d consider this place anything but utterly mindblowing, but because he still found it in him to fucking complain even after everything we’ve been through.

“Furnishings and quarters more fit for a minor lord or a knight. Say, this would more than likely be what you’re used to, right, Emma of Earthrealm?” Thalmin spoke with that same, gruff tone of voice. It was clear however he was still _attempting_ to play nice, so I responded with the only thing my awestruck self could do at that point.

I shrugged.

“How’re you finding the quarters, Princess? Are they to your liking?” Thalmin quickly turned to face Thacea, who seemed to be analyzing the place with those piercing eyes of hers. Her hand ran across some of the furnishings as she pinched her fingers together at the slightest bit of dust.

“I am partial towards anything the Academy wishes to provide us.” The avian answered diplomatically.

“Oh come on, answer _truthfully_, Princess.” The Lupinor egged her on for a less guarded response.

“If I am to be… blunt about it, this place is sorely lacking in amenities as it is in size and design. A hallway leading into a rectangular living quarters, with only two bedrooms flanking the hallway near the entrance? You’re right in your presumptions, Prince Thalmin. These quarters seem to be quite suited for an individual of knightly status or perhaps even a minor lordship.” Thacea responded with sincerity, though remaining tactful in her tone and delivery.

“No dining room.” Ilunor mumbled out as he splayed across one of the couches. Again, reminding me of a spoiled feline.

“My points exactly.” Thacea responded, while I stared at all of them with an unbreaking expression of utter disbelief.

“Alright, enough room talk I think there’s something that I need cleared up.” I interjected, finally breaking through my awestruck gawking with a renewed sense of direction.

“Yes, Emma?” Thacea replied promptly.

“You said we’d talk about this when we got somewhere less public, so spill it. I want to know what was up with the academic rites thing. I want to know why today’s ceremony was such a big shock to you all. I want to know what the hell is up with _everything_.” I laid out all my questions, to which Thacea and Thalmin promptly nodded in response.

“I appreciate your patience in maintaining discretion for so long, Emma. An answer is the least we can do to reciprocate your tactfulness in handling what must be a very confusing set of circumstances.” Thacea began.

“I’ll explain it simply, Earthrealmeer.” Thalmin interjected, as if to take the burden of explanation off of Thacea as it was clear her response was going to be long winded. “What usually happens on the night of arrival is an orientation, _not_ the academic rites ceremony. That’s why everyone was so surprised, that’s why everyone was caught off guard. We had no time to prepare for it, but there _were_ rumors that this year would’ve been exceptional, so, some of us _were_ prepared.” The Lupinor lifted up his ceremonial dagger, pointing at the gem which encrusted the hilt of the blade. Thacea did the same, revealing her necklace and amulet, whilst Ilunor lazily raised his stubby little arm, and pointed at his bracelet.

Thacea took over from Thalmin after that. “You see, the relationship between the Academy and us students has always been indicative of the relationship between the Nexus and the Adjacent Realms. The entire school was constructed as a _bridge_ between the realms after all, and after the great war between the Nexus and the Adjacent Realms, there was a level of… animosity and distrust that drove the Nexus to implement radical changes at what was supposed to be neutral ground: the Academy. For you see, the Academy had long since been a center of learning for the most magically gifted of the Adjacent Realms, and those usually consisted of the royalty and nobility, as it was magic that granted the first of the noble houses power to rule over the masses. So with a great concentration of the young, fledgling members of the Adjacent Realm’s elite present at the Academy, the Nexus decided to implement the Academic Rites as a way of directly controlling a significant portion of the upper echelons of the Adjacent Realms.”

“Wait, I don’t get it. How is today’s ceremony not supposed to be the way it usually goes? Why do they tolerate the whole amulets or whatever that you have on?” I asked in a rapid fire pace, which prompted Thalmin to respond.

“Well, that _was_ how it _used_ to go, Earthrealmer, but things changed. The gist of it is this: relations improved. After we became more accepting of the Nexus’ influence following the war, they became less strict about directly controlling our ruling castes. The ceremony remained as an afterthought, no longer meant to bind us, but instead kept as just tradition. Honestly, they would’ve just removed the rites entirely, but they kept it because they wanted to save face. They didn’t want to seem weak, because if they remove it, well, it’s going to look like they acquiesced to us Adjacent Realmers. So the rites remained, but more like a ceremony than a real rite. That’s why it’s normally _always_ scheduled _after_ orientation and arrival. It gives time for students to prepare, share amulets, and make new ones; so when the time came for the ceremony everyone would resist it by default. It was just for show, literally just a tradition.” Thalmin replied succinctly.

“So _that’s_ what was different about today… they literally surprised all of you by bringing back an old policy you expected to have been dead or at least nerfed for ages now.” I surmised, which prompted nods of tentative affirmation from both Thalmin and Thacea.

I barely had enough time to process everything before a sharp creaking noise pierced the air just after our discussion had ended. A small door that blended in seamlessly with the rest of the wood paneling of the living room suddenly opened up, revealing faint candlelight emanating from within.

Emerging from it was a member of the same diminutive elven race that had read out my name upon entry to the grand hall. This one however seemed much more shabbily dressed, adorned in rags if they could even be called that. They seemed to be dragging out oversized suitcases and luggage, which I immediately assumed belonged to my peers. An assumption that was promptly proven right as Ilunor sighed loudly upon seeing it.

“Just place it wherever, aura-less, and leave us alone when you’re done.” Ilunor spoke dismissively.

The being bowed deeply in response, as it seemed to be quick in grabbing more luggage and suitcases, which at this point was quickly taken by both Thalmin and Thacea, who gingerly removed them from the elf’s hands as they both spoke at the same time.

“That won’t be necessary.” They spoke with sympathy and pity in their voices, Ilunor however instead glared at the whole exchange with an annoyed expression.

“The elf is here to serve. _Let it serve_.” He proclaimed as he snapped his fingers twice. “Where are your manners aura-less. Introduce yourself to your betters.”

“A-apologies master. I… I- I am Aurin. I have been assigned as your dormitory’s resident porter. If there is anything I can do, anything at all, I will be at your command throughout the day and night.” The elf spoke, before bowing deeply toward each and every one of us.

Thacea and Thalmin’s reactions were easy enough to read. The Princess was wary to show any emotion, but it was clear through those very expressive eyes that a great remorse was welling up within her. Thalmin’s reactions however were far more confusing, as it was clear there was some level of personal shame there, as if he had something to say but couldn’t.

“Go back to your hole, we were discussing something important.” Ilunor finally waved the poor thing off, as I was once again stuck there utterly thrown off by _everything_.

As soon as the elf was out of the room however, I felt as if I needed to say something about that whole exchange. I simply couldn’t stand by and watch anymore.

This was the last straw.

File: Wendigoon D&D/HFY Power Armor\Ch 1 - 10\9.md

[[8|Previous]] [[10|Next]]

“What the fuck was that?” I asked, not even attempting to bottle up my utter contempt at the spoiled Vunerian.

“What? The aura-less? It’s one of the dorm-porters. Am I to assume you don’t have such things back in Earthrealm?” Ilunor snapped back lazily, still lounging on the couch like an oversized cat.

“Elaborate on what you mean by _serve_, you were treating him like a fucking slave.” I spat back. I knew full well the implications of the smaller elf’s status. However, part of me was too shocked to really believe it. Part of me wanted to believe that it was maybe some sort of cultural misunderstanding. The modern, contemporary human in me simply coudn’t believe that _slavery_ could still exist.

“Erm. Yeah? Because that’s what _it_ is?” The lizard responded with barely a hint of hesitation in his voice. “Earthrealmer, I don’t see what the issue here is. I understand that you come from a _very_ underdeveloped realm, but _do_ be sensible now. Even the most uncivilized of backwater realms have _some_ concept of hierarchy and class. You, being sent here, a squire or what have you, you of all people should know a thing or two about class do you not? You’ve quite literally recounted your name _and_ title within the academic rites. You gave a speech about loyalty and submissiveness to the betters in your realm. You _respect_ hierarchy, so what do you not understand about ours?”

“Hierarchy does not require rampant racism, classism, and fuckin _slavery_, you arrogant lizard.” I practically snarled out, while my hands clenched up into fists.

The lizard, to his credit, seemed entirely unphased by my verbal confrontation as he only looked at me lazily through my opaque lenses. “What a bizarre concept… maybe we should talk about this in the morning, hmm? I’m tired. We all are. And we should really get our affairs in order before-”

I cut the lizard off, and without warning grabbed him by the collar of his silken tunic just narrowly avoiding his throat, and in doing so bending and ripping the various necklaces and jeweled ornaments that adorned it. “You don’t get to run away.” I tightened my grip and lifted the lizard up about 7 feet off the floor, while what was left of the Vunerian’s jewelry shattered in my hands and fell to the floor with a resonant _clank_. “We’re not leaving this topic high and dry before we address it. I’ve given you the benefit of a doubt time and time again throughout the whole night. I tried, desperately grasping at straws hoping that all of this was just some big cultural misunderstanding, some dirty jab or some racist remark. But it’s become clear that I was giving you too much credit.”

It didn’t take long however before Thalmin tried his hand at mediation, as the wolf placed a single hand on my own gloved ones, and gripped it tightly. Tight enough that the haptic feedback sensors on my gloves refused to translate the sensations as they reached and exceeded the minimum pain threshold.

**Warning: Minimum pain threshold on [RIGHT HAND] and [LEFT HAND] exceeded, auto-disconnect of haptic feedback engaged.**

This clearly shocked the lupine as his eyes grew wide at how ineffective that move was, my hands refusing to even register the lupine’s attempt to loosen my grip. However, whilst I got the message, I still refused to let go.

Not before making sure I drew a line in the sand with the Vunerian.

“Let me tell you a little something. You might _think_ that you’re hot shit, you might _think_ that your little world and all of its little party tricks are somehow great, grand and mighty. But I can tell you right now that _all_ of it, every last bit of it, means _nothing_ to us. You’re like a burrowing hermit, living out your life in the woods. Your castles are akin to small anthills, your kingdoms are all but patches in the dirt, your entire _realm_ is an underdeveloped forest… forever stuck and fated to stagnation. Your world is a monument to a backwards and dead system; a system of ideologies and pathetic leaders that my people had long since abandoned in the dustbin of history. So while you continued to wallow in your debauchery, the march of human progress thrummed on. As we forged starscrapers using automated constructs, you continued moving dirt using shovels. As we built amongst the heavens itself, wrapping our world in a construct of our own design, you continued placing stone atop of stone all the while marveling at the rickety monuments to your barbarism. So don’t get cocky. Your titles, your power, means _nothing_. I want you to know that even the smallest of UN states can march across your lands right up to your castles and there’s _**nothing**_ **you can do about it**. Just like there’s nothing you can do to make me let go of you. So don’t get smart with me, because I’ve had it up to _here_ with you!” I seethed, glared, and snarled out through my suit’s vocoders, my grip tightening so much that I began tearing at the seams of the lizard’s shirt collar.

I made sure my point was made while I held him as he kicked, thrashed and lashed out ineffectually.

What happened next however was something that I couldn’t anticipate. With a warning from the suit the lizard opened his maw wide, and within the next second, I saw a spark, and a stream of fire which ignited from deep within his throat.

**ALERT: LOCALIZED SURGE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED, 300% ABOVE BACKGROUND RADIATION LEVELS**

My field of view was suddenly blocked by an all encompassing flame, which panicked me at first but was otherwise mellowed out by my training.

**ALERT: EXTERNAL TEMPERATURES EXCEEDING SAFE LEVELS. 400… 725… 997… 1227 DEGREES CELSIUS. PASSIVE HEAT SHIELDING NOMINAL. INTERNAL TEMPERATURE CONTROL NOMINAL.**

To anyone looking in, all they would see was a desperate Vunerian, held by the collar of his shirt, breathing a continuous stream of fire that engulfed the head of a suited monstrosity. A suited monstrosity which refused to even _flinch_ at this attack.

A suited monstrosity that by the very end of the Vunerian’s attack, was left unscathed. With only a few specks of soot discoloring the otherwise pristine gunmetal blue of the helmet, and two glowing red lenses staring back through the dark billowing smoke.

“Are you done?” I spoke through my undamaged vocoders with a mild annoyance.

The Vunerian ceased any resistance at that point, as he hung limply, almost catatonic with eyes that could only be read as utterly petrified.

With one swift motion I dropped the lizard like an oversized plush back on the couch. I still had the decency to do so _above_ the plush cushions, so he was more or less unharmed.

The ambiance in the room had understandably shifted following the confrontation. With Thacea and Thalmin standing completely stiff, their whole bodies refusing to even flinch. I could see flashes of fear, concern, and panic welling within Thalmin’s eyes. However, much to my surprise, Thacea looked on at me with an expression that I just couldn’t pin down. If avian eyes could translate well enough to a human’s, then I could definitely say I saw _sympathy_ in her eyes. A genuine sense of concern and sympathy, despite having just reasserted myself as all but a monster. I didn’t understand why, I wasn’t expecting anything _near_ a look of sympathy from anyone especially after this sudden turn of events.

To that end, it was Thacea who broke the silence, moving forward and placing herself between me and the Vunerian. “Emma, Ilunor, let’s take a step back to talk about all of this.”

“What is there to talk about, Princess? The Earthrealmer’s a fucking savage!” Ilunor shouted out, his panicked state from just seconds prior melting back into the shriveled pathetic mess.

“Ilunor, you have been nothing but combative and provocative towards the newrealmer for the entire night. You have nothing if not more than a good portion of the blame for this confrontation. I suggest you hold your piece.” The avinor put her foot down, something that Thalmin grinned and nodded in approval at, before turning to face me.

“Emma, I understand how stressful all of this may be for you. You are in a completely foreign land, meeting foreign beings for the first time in your life. You are far from home, scared, and potentially afraid. Your reactions are understandable, but please, could we agree to disagree for now? Can we please try our best to act like civilized, decent beings? There are far greater matters to worry about than our petty interpersonal conflicts. To survive the academy we must work together as a peer group. To ensure our year goes smoothly, we must come together, not tear each other apart at the seams.” The avinor’s voice and facade faltered but refused to break throughout the entirety of it. Before finally it cracked, just a little bit. “Please. All we have here are each other.”

It was at this point that I finally relented. A deep sigh was all that marked my response as I took a seat on one of the couches across from Ilunor. I didn’t even care to calibrate for my weight as the seat moaned underneath my suit’s immense mass, which prompted Thacea to quickly cast another spell, preventing the wood from splintering into a thousand pieces.

**ALERT: LOCALIZED SURGE OF MANA-RADIATION DETECTED, 225% ABOVE BACKGROUND RADIATION LEVELS**

“Listen, I’m sorry for reacting like that okay?” I managed out, tired and absolutely drained. “But I just want to make one thing clear right off the bat, I’m _not_ afraid, I’m fucking _pissed_. I can’t… I just can’t fucking deal with _slavery_. If we’re going to move forward with this, I have to just say this outright. Slavery is not a thing where I come from. It’s deplorable, it’s reprehensible, it’s the worst possible evil besides… fuck I can’t think of anything… torture? Warcrimes? It’s the worst thing you can do to a person.” I spouted out in a series of exasperated breaths. “How can you guys be so cruel, so utterly cold, how can you guys stomach this-”

“Because we don’t have a fucking choice Earthrealmer.” Thalmin finally responded, a deep growl resonating throughout the entire room. “Because we don’t have a say in how _that_ specific part of our culture works. Because that’s what the Nexus expects of us.” He paused, turning away in shame. “Because… because that’s… because we bent the knee, Earthrealmer.”

A long pause overshadowed the conversation after that point. Turning to Thacea, she seemed to nod in agreement, whilst Ilunor refused to acknowledge anything.

“Things are… far more complicated than they seem, Emma.” Thacea began. “Know that our inactions do not constitute complicitness. We simply are incapable of challenging what is the status quo.” The princess stated a matter of factly. “I applaud your realm for being so strong in your resolve, and I can only wish for-” She stopped herself in her tracks, as Thalmin shot her a glance that read _don’t_.

“I don’t want to be involved with _any_ of this shit.” I spat back. “But I know I’m not a one man army, I don’t have the means of changing the whole world.” _Not yet at least_. “So fine, I refuse any and all services from this prisoner.” I looked away from Ilunor, then towards Thacea and Thalmin. “I hope you two can eventually come to my side on this. I… I honestly don’t know how to feel right now.”

A long bout of silence once more punctuated the air as the only sound echoing across the room was the roars of the fireplace. I looked at the three closely, Thacea and Thalmin were clearly shaken by the entire turn of events, their expressions reading as remorseful and regretful. Ilunor however remained seated with a shaken expression, refusing to meet my gaze.

“Shall we move on to room assignments?” Thalmin finally broke the silence, much to the relief of everyone present.

“Sure.” I managed out. I knew that the lingering awkwardness in the air couldn’t really be filtered out, but we had to at least try.

“Right, so, seeing as we have two bedrooms, and four of us, we can divide this in one of two ways. By gender, or by random chance.”

I perked up. “Why not by choice?”

“Who would _want_ to stay with the Vunerian, Earthrealmer?” Thalmin replied without a second’s hesitation with one of the most savage off handed remarks I’ve heard from him throughout the whole night. It honestly brought a smile to my face after everything as a small spark of satisfaction welled within me.

“You have a point.” I replied wholeheartedly, to which Ilunor seemed to grumble something unintelligible under his breath.

“If we are to do this by gender, then I’m more than willing to take the sacrifice in staying with the Vunerian, Earthrealmer.” Thalmin continued. If it wasn’t clear already, I felt a sort of strange unspoken comradery forming between the both of us. Maybe I was just too tired and I was reading too much into this, but the more and more I stood up in defiance of the shit I had to put up with, the more he seemed to respect me. At least in his weird, gruff, blunt and confrontational way.

“Thanks, but you know I’m more than willing to like, leave this up to chance.” I shrugged, meeting Thalmin’s eyes for the first time in real, _genuine_ conversation. “Fate works in weird ways, so let’s see what fate has to say about our room assignments.”

“Alright then, as the newrealmer, how do you suggest we play this game of chance?” Thalmin shot at me, throwing the ball back to my court with a sly grin.

“I know you guys more than likely have your magical equivalents of determining chance.” I began, as I rummaged through one of my suit’s pockets. “My kind however, has _perfected_ the game of chance. With advanced mathematics, statistical analyses, and a bunch of other fields I’m more than likely going to butcher, determining _true random_ is something that is _vital_ to some of my world’s scientific and technological fields.” I pulled out what was one of the few personal items I was allowed to bring to the other side. An early 21st century US penny, one of the few keepsakes I still had from my old life before the move to my Aunt’s. “However, I’m not about overcomplicating things. I like to keep things simple, so, let’s do this the old fashioned way.” I flung the coin into the air, before catching it with a finesse that would’ve been near impossible given the bulk of the suit, if it wasn’t for all of the active hand-eye coordination systems that gave me the sensitivity and reflexes of an olympic athlete. “It’s a little game back in my world called Heads or Tails. If I flip this coin, and it lands heads up, I’ll stay with Thalmin. However, if it lands tails up I’ll stay with Thacea.” I turned to Ilunor cocking my head to the side as I did so. “And for the record I’m deliberately picking this method to remove the Vunerian from the equation. I don’t think it would be in our best interests for me to be rooming with a puntable chew-toy.” I spoke, quickly asserting my decision as both Thacea and Thalmin nodded in agreement.

The dynamics were quick to form here, and I was glad I was able to tackle it head on. I was trying my best to establish myself not as just some mindless and disagreeable brute with a short fuse, but a reasonable, rational sapient with a willingness to compromise.

As a gesture of good faith I handed out the penny to Thacea. “You can confirm there’s no funny business going on with that coin. No weighted sides, no enchantments. It’s just a solid piece of zinc, nickel and copper.”

The avinor gave the innocuous object a good look-over. Flipping it through her fingers before she handed it off back to me without much fuss or fanfare; it was a scratched and aged coin with surfaces that barely resembled what they once were almost a millennium ago. “I’ve looked it over. I detect no enchantments or magic on this copper-piece.” She stated confidently to the others.

I waited for something to happen. It was becoming a bit of a habit to just see a bunch of those mana-radiation warning pop-ups appearing whenever magic was being used. But nothing happened here. It irked me somewhat, and I wanted to raise my objections to the confident declaration of the coin’s lack of enchantment given that no detection spell was just cast. But this wasn’t the time or place for that. I didn’t want to stir the pot even more as I grabbed the coin back from Thacea and nodded confidently.

“Alright then. If there are no objections, I’ll do the honors.” With a dexterous flip of my thumb the small coin was flung 5 feet in the air, before dropping back down, with all eyes practically glued to my closed off hand. “I’m not one to keep everyone in undue suspense, so here goes nothing.” I lifted my hand, revealing…

“Emma, what the hell is this?” Thalmin growled out.

I cocked my head at the coin which had _clearly_ landed on tails, then turned back to face the wolf. “Erm, it’s tails.” I replied unceremoniously.

The Lupinor, clearly unsatisfied, leaned in closer, his eyes narrowing and his pupils constricting as if to corroborate my statements.

“That’s a building.” Thalmin said flatly, my eyes darted back and forth between the coin and the Lupinor before I realized just where the point of failure in our cultural miscommunication was.

And I laughed.

For the first time in this bizarre fantastical world, I genuinely laughed.

I didn’t even attempt to hide it as I was barely able to hold myself together. It was as if the collective stress that had been building up throughout the evening had finally been released in the span of a few minutes. First with outright rage, and now, with an unrestrained fit of humor; my own very specific brand of humor but it was humor to me all the same. I felt mental relief washing over me over this one, silly, ridiculous misunderstanding.

I laughed long enough that the three began to take a few steps back away from me in concern, with only Thacea moving forward to place a hand on my shoulder, displaying genuine worry once more. “Emma. Is there something the matter? Is everything okay?”

“Sorry, I… That was inappropriate of me. I apologize.” I started off, coughing a bit while I put myself back together. “Back in my world, tails is what we call the side of the coin opposite of the face or main feature of the coin. This penny here for instance has the Lincoln Memorial, a monument built to commemorate the leadership of one of my state’s ancient leaders who abolished slavery.” I explained, rubbing the back of my neck.

_I needed that laugh._

Before long, we began discussing the implications of these results. “Right, so, this means I shall be sharing my quarters with Ilunor.” Thalmin spoke with a disappointed sigh, and to his credit said nothing else to demean the lizard. The wolf really did have an unfiltered and upfront personality, one that I was beginning to see had a reasonable logic to it. He was brash, and seemingly aggressive at times, but it wasn’t without provocation or reason.

Which was more than I could say for the Vunerian.

“Oh joy, my roommate is a Mercenary Prince. May my throat remain unslit, and my purse remain untouched, or by the Goddesses may your house be struck by the wrath your kind so deserve.” The Vunerian spoke half-heartedly. It honestly struck me as impressive how he remained so casually combative despite everything.

“Careful, Vunerian. You said nothing of bites or slashes.” Thalmin growled back, which didn’t seem to have much of an effect on the likes of Ilunor as he sat unphased, probably still shaken up by my actions.

“With the layout of the dormitories being rather straightforward, I assume that both bedrooms are identical. Emma and I shall take the left, and you shall take the right.” Thacea interjected, making sure to keep the conversation flowing as it was clear that was the only thing keeping Ilunor from interjecting.

“Fine by me, Princess.” Thalmin responded.

“Any reason for choosing the left, Thacea?” I inquired.

“Oh, just Avinor tradition is all, dating back to our migratory days prior to contact with the Nexus. Prior to contemporary civilization we flew as flocks across our realm, and tradition states that the left of the flock is far less vulnerable than the right. As a result, females fly on the left, and males fly on the right.” Thacea explained without much fuss.

“I mean, I have no issues with that. So if we’re all in agreement?” I asked, craning my head to Ilunor who just lazily waved a hand in reply.

“Do as you wish.” He said dismissively.

“Right, so I assume it’s time to move in?” I quickly announced. The momentum of the conversation began taking a dip towards lethargy which was more than understandable given everything we’ve been through.

“Yes, we just have to move our luggage and get settled in.” Thacea nodded, grabbing her own luggage, as did Thalmin.

It was only Ilunor who raised his hand in the air, as if ready to snap his fingers for this trivial chore. This was promptly stopped by my red tinted lenses bearing down on him, making sure that the prisoner got as much respite as possible whilst I was around and had a say in things. He put his hand down immediately, as if realizing what I was implying with that glare, which prompted him to get up to start tugging at his oversized luggage himself.

The fact that my luggage hadn’t arrived yet suddenly hit me, which prompted me to crane my head around throughout the entire room, confirming my suspicions in the process.

“Wait, where’s my-” Was all I managed out before a series of three loud knocks came from the front doors of the dorm.

Adrenaline shot through my system, as the haze of lethargy was swiftly pushed aside in lieu of the sudden interruption to our closed off world.

Thalmin took the charge once again, taking to his feet as he approached the door, and swiftly pulled it open.

In front of the door wasn’t the Academy’s secret police, or some magical golem tasked with whisking us away in the middle of the night. Instead, it was a finely dressed female elf. She was dressed in what I could only describe as a cross between Thacea’s academy robes, and the robes the professors themselves wore. Except whereas both were of a single color, hers was this silvery, almost gold color, outlined in the same dark gray trimmings of Thacea’s cloak.

The figure stood prominently in the doorframe, and would have taken a good chunk of the space if it wasn’t for another figure immediately behind her.

A gargoyle.

Muscle-bound, and dressed in a simple loincloth, but with bits and pieces of highly mana-enriched armor strewn across its form tied together with leather belts and straps.

Yet instead of seeming menacing, the scene was almost comical with the gargoyle pushing one of those bell carts you’d see ferrying luggage at hotels. Instead of normal suitcases however, this thing was stuffed to the brim with my cargo: boxes and containers with reinforced spacecraft-grade material and double-vacuum sealed hatches that looked entirely out of place in this fantastical world.

“Emma of Earthrealm.” The figure spoke, eliciting my attention as I stepped forward towards the door. “Your luggage has arrived.”
